1	GFE - What does GFE stand for? The Free Dictionary http://acronyms.thefreedictionary.com/GFEPrinter Friendly Dictionary, Encyclopedia and Thesaurus - The Free Dictionary 9,222,423,790 visitors served Search / Page tools TheFreeDictionary Google Bing ? Keyboard Word / Article Starts with Ends with Text A A A A Language: EnglishEspañolDeutschFrançaisItalianoالعربية中文简体PolskiPortuguêsNederlandsNorskΕλληνικήРусскийTürkçeאנגלית Twitter Get our app Log in / Register E-mail Password Wrong username or password. Facebook Twitter Google+ Yahoo Remember Me Forgot password? Register Get our app Dictionary Thesaurus Medical Dictionary Legal Dictionary Financial Dictionary Acronyms Idioms Encyclopedia Wikipedia Encyclopedia Tools A A A A Language: EnglishEspañolDeutschFrançaisItalianoالعربية中文简体PolskiPortuguêsNederlandsNorskΕλληνικήРусскийTürkçeאנגלית Mobile Apps: apple android For surfers: Free toolbar & extensions Word of the Day Help For webmasters: Free content Linking Lookup box Close GFE Also found in: Dictionary, Financial, Wikipedia. Acronym Definition GFE Good Faith Estimate (mortgage or loan related estimate of closing costs) GFE Government-Furnished Equipment GFE Grantmakers for Education GFE Girl Friend Experience GFE General Further Education (UK) GFE Graphical Forecast Editor GFE Google Front End (Google web server) GFE Gas Free Engineer GFE Group Format Error GFE Generic Front End GFE Gesellschaft für Forschung und Entwicklung (German) GFE Good for Everything GFE Groningen Fitness Test for the Elderly GFE Good Faith Edit (Wikimedia Foundation) GFE General Fund Exempt GFE Go Fat Early GFE Grooming Fabric Edge Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us, add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content. Link to this page: Facebook Twitter Feedback My bookmarks ? Please log in or register to use bookmarks. You can also log in with Facebook Twitter Google+ Yahoo + Add current page to bookmarks TheFreeDictionary presents: Write what you mean clearly and correctly. References in periodicals archive ? Q: If a mortgage broker provides the GFE and the "written list" of settlement-service providers and the borrower chooses to use a provider identified on the "written list" for a service. The new Good Faith Estimate: as the deadline nears, the mortgage origination industry is still puzzling over details of the new Good Faith Estimate These systems provide more accurate estimated closing costs, based on local figures, that can be embedded into the GFE to help ensure that the initial disclosure amounts will be as close as possible to the final HUD-1 and not trigger re-disclosure, which starts the clock all over again. RESPA, MDIA, HAMP mods and more Even after the federal government's attempt to streamline the GFE, more than one in three (36 percent) homeowners described the GFE as being "complicated" or a "waste of time. ING DIRECT USA Survey: Homeowners Ignore Advice to Use "Complicated" Good Faith Estimate as Mortgage Shopping Tool The new feature will provide a clearer understanding of how fees interact with the new GFE and HUD-1 Settlement Statement, and will ensure a more precise comparison of fees between initial disclosure and closing documents," said Britt Christiansen, Docu Prep's senior analyst. Docu Prep creates new application in preparation for GFE changes AmVac is proud to have been selected as the provider of choice by institutions of the Red Cross and is looking forward to the collaboration with GFE Blut. AmVac Confirms Cooperation With German GFE Blut mbH Unlike GFE, personal devices cannot be integrated into the network's device management tools. Telework driving demand for remote access The draft GFE states that lenders shall provide a free copy of the appraisal or valuation within three days of closing while the Dodd-Frank Act requires consumer disclosure of the appraisal only in "higher risk" loans. Two for review: AI urges clarifications to CFPB good faith estimate But the survey found that the GFE may not be improving shopping as intended. Law of unintended consequences in mortgage shopping These two features ensure that lenders and mortgage brokers using the calculator will not be "over-disclosing" by providing a borrower with higher-than-actual settlement charges on the GFE. Hartford National Title Launches Free Good Faith Estimate and HUD-1 Calculator To facilitate comparison shopping, the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) regulates which fees must be disclosed by a lender on a GFE and publishes the form that every lender must use to make these loan quotes or disclosures. You better shop around: four steps to getting the best deal on a home loan To identify the hazards, the GFE must understand and use these references and other resources, such as DC plates, the ship's DC book, previous entry certificates, and various NSTMs. ORM: the way to control risks of confined spaces In addition, many of those responding to the request for feedback said the proposed four-page GFE was too long. Originators must finally address RESPA requirements Acronyms browser ? ▲ GFCR GFCRWC GFCS GFCU GFCV GFCVB GFD GFDA GFDC GFDD GFDE GFDEP GFDF GFDG GFDI GFDL GFDM GFDO GFDP GFDR GFDRE GFDRR GFDS GFDSCU GFDT GFE GFEA GFEBS GFEC GFECP GFEDC GFEG GFEI GFEL GFEM GFEMO GFEN GFEP GFEPPC GFERC GFES GFETE GFF GFFA GFFC GFFCU GFFD GFFDS GFFE GFFEI GFFF ▼ Full browser ? ▲ GFCR GFCRWC GFCS GFCU GFCV GFCVB GFD GFDA GFDC GFDD GFDE GFDEP GFDF GFDG GFDI GFDI, UKMET, NOGAPS, and GFS/AVN GFDI, UKMI and NGPI Simple Average Gfdl Gfdl GFDL 1.2 GFDL license GFDM GFDO GFDP GFDR GFDRE GFDRR GFDS GFDSCU GFDT GFE GFEA GFEBS GFEC GFECP GFEDC GFEG GFEI GFEL GFEM GFEMO GFEN GFEP GFEPPC GFERC GFES GFETE Gff GFFA GFFC GFFCU GFFD GFFDS GFFE GFFEI GFFF GFFFFG GFFIS GFFL GFFP GFFS ▼ Facebook Share Twitter Google+ CITE Site: Follow: Facebook Twitter Google+ Rss Mail Share: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Mail Open / Close More from Acronyms and Abbreviations Mobile Apps Apple Android Kindle Windows Windows Phone Free Tools For surfers: Free toolbar & extensions Word of the Day Word Finder Help For webmasters: Free content Linking Lookup box Terms of Use Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with Us Copyright © 2003-2016 Farlex, Inc Disclaimer All content on this website, including dictionary, thesaurus, literature, geography, and other reference data is for informational purposes only. This information should not be considered complete, up to date, and is not intended to be used in place of a visit, consultation, or advice of a legal, medical, or any other professional.  
1	Friday , 7 October 2016 ABOUT CONTACT US APPLY CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING PARTNERS SOCIAL CU Independent University of Colorado Daily Student News News Politics Student Government Campus Events 4/20 Coverage People of 4/20 – 2014 Academics Community Lifestyle Beyond Boulder Environment Crime Greek Presidential Race 2016 GOP Debate: Boulder “Your money, your vote”: all you need to know What’s going on? CU Boulder on GOP Day GOP debate updates Entertainment Music & Playlists Film – TV Good Eats Sports NCAA Tournament 2016 Men’s Division I Basketball Football Women’s Division I XC -Track – Ski Club sports The Coin Toss Fitness and Wellness The Big Leagues Opinion Columns Ask Alex A Gay in the Life Cannon Fodder Dear Domna Girl on Girl Editorials Our Stance Satire Letters to the Editor Podcasts CU Taboo Tune In Turn Up Tune In Turn Up AMPED Pick Six Keg Tap The Association Luck Be a Lady Visuals People of Boulder Galleries Multimedia Syllabus CUI GRAPEVINE GRADES DATABASE Breaking News Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. Confessions of an escort girl: On sex, love and all the naughty bits in between (CU Independent/Adam Milner) Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. She graduated from CU last year with a degree in psychology and regularly works and volunteers with children. You can find lots of girls like Nikki all over the college town of Boulder. I happened to find her on Craigslist’s Adult Services. “A little sweetness goes a long way,” she wrote on her ad. Her bubbly personality saturated every last detail of her profile, complete with Xs and Os. Nikki has been working in “the industry” on and off since she was 16-years-old. She is now a resource manager working with 4 to 6 girls at a time, selling their “company” for big money all around the Denver area and Boulder. “This is not full time by any means,” she said. When Nikki is not out on her “dates,” she works part-time as a bookkeeper and administrator. As the oldest of six kids, she also strives to set herself as an example by volunteering her time at church and the non-profit she works with. She tells me that she wants to open up her own non-profit for underprivileged kids in single-parent homes someday, or perhaps become a preschool teacher or a youth minister. “I want to be something more than what money can give,” she said. But for right now, she tells me, it’s all about the money. Sex is my business, and business is good Did you know that a girl working part-time as an escort can make just as much, if not more, than prestigious lawyers and doctors? According to Nikki, you can make what you earn in corporate America over two weeks in a single day, just by seeing two guys on a non full-service level. Full-service providers, she explains, sell straight up sexual intercourse, as opposed to non full-service providers, who sell everything but, such as their company for dates. “The most I’ve made in one day was $6,200 between three dates,” Nikki said. “Once one of my girls pulled in $56,000 from just one guy.” For Nikki and her girls, there are no pimps or agencies involved. The hard-earned cash is all theirs. All the girls she works with act as independent contractors who come to her for her resources, guidance and knowledge of the market and industry. “My job is to find the best places and resources for them to get the most out of what we’re marketing,” Nikki said. “The girls and I travel and we choose states where the economy is still steady and growing.” In return for Nikki’s help, they pay her a flat rate to post their services onto Craigslist for each of these areas. They’ve been all over the country including New York, California and even Hawaii. Big bucks, independence and travel? Sign me up, please? What you didn’t know about prostitution “I help men get a better understanding of sex through women,” Nikki said. Nikki said it’s not just about the sex itself, but about anything sexual in general. “I should be a sex therapist,” she joked. I’ve heard before that men who see prostitutes don’t just come for the sex, rather, they also seek all other aspects of female companionship. Speaking with Nikki gave me further insight on the matter. “They also look for uplift and reassurance. Just as human beings, they need it. You need a hug every once in a while, you need to be loved by the opposite sex or feel some kind of compassion,” Nikki said. This girl is all about the uplift, her sunny disposition is infectious and I love it. I’m sure her customers do, too. She also clued me in on all the different tiers of prostitution, ranging from “street walkers” to upscale escort girls. According to Nikki, there is “zero” street work. Colfax used to be prime hooker territory, but hasn’t seen the high level of street work it originally became famous for in years. Now, especially in Boulder, it’s all upscale, behind-closed-doors work. Before I talked to Nikki, I got this impression that prostitutes pretty much gave up every last ounce of their dignity in order to make money, rendering their decision power worthless. However, at least in the upper tiers of prostitution, the girls pretty much have the say on everything, from the guys they choose, what they want to do and how much they’ll be getting paid for it. “I’m picky,” Nikki said. “I just don’t see anyone. If I don’t like the guy, I won’t go through with the date. I’d be sweet and wouldn’t put him down, but I’d wean him to another girl who could better suit him and make him happier.” As far as the sex (or non-sex) goes, each girl decides on her own boundaries. Some don’t even provide full-service at all, rather, they may simply provide their company for dinners and dates. So how much cash is being thrown down for these girls? “It’s however much you want to make it. If they can’t pay that, then they’ll negotiate for whatever else,” she said. “The ball is always on my court.” The freakiest dudes in all the nation Of course, I had to ask Nikki about her strangest requests. She laughed and talked about golden Showers, strap-ons and the like. She did say the freakiest guys she’s ever seen throughout the country are in Boulder. Apparently, the white, older, hippie business guys are the ones to watch out for. “They have the weirdest requests,” Nikki said. “One guy wanted me to… What exactly do you call the opposite of a Golden Shower? I can’t even bring myself to talk about it, let alone do it.” She visibly struggled to find the words. “I can’t shit on anybody, sorry,” Nikki said. “And I won’t, plain and simple.” Word to the wives The majority of Nikki’s customers are married men who have been strictly with their wives for years or who have not had partners who are very sexual or open. “I give them something to go home and love their wives better with,” she said. I was intrigued. Could she convince me that prostitution could actually be conducive for a man’s love for his wife? “It’s men’s nature to want variety. It’s their animal instinct to breed with the most young and desirable women. It goes way back and love has nothing to do with it.” Nikki first explains that sex and love are two completely different things (for men anyway). According to Nikki, the guy has that one girl he loves, the one he marries. However, he also has his sexual needs. “He loves that one girl, but if he’s not getting what he needs or is deprived, he’ll become bitter towards her,” Nikki said. The idea is that once Nikki helps relieve these needs, it allows him to return to the one he is married to and carry on with their relationship, bitterness-free. “They might feel guilty, but it’s in their nature and they really need the sex. If their wives can’t give it to them, they feel badly about it,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that it’s human nature. “I also feel guilty to a certain extent, but really if the woman can’t give a man what he needs, he’ll go out and look for it elsewhere, plain and simple. And that’s where girls like me come in and give it to them,” Nikki said. It’s not purely about sex, though. Nikki said it’s also about the comfort her and her girls can give. “It’s not always physical, though,” she reminds me, “It’s also about uplift and reassurance.” The dichotomy of the “wife and the mistress” came to mind. Does it really all boil down to biological and evolutionary factors? Is this something we’ll all simply have to come to terms with? The good, the bad and the ugly “There really isn’t a least favorite aspect of the job,” Nikki said, “I love it all.” For Nikki, she said the job isn’t just about good pay, she genuinely enjoys it. “It’s like my dating scene. I pick and choose. I love older guys, men of power, well-dressed and charismatic. I’m completely engaged when we have fun and am totally enthralled by it. I wouldn’t do it if I didn’t like it. There’s no shame in what I do, I genuinely love everything I do.” To understand her passion, you also have to understand her philosophy. Nikki said she truly believes in doing what she does to not only bring uplift to her clients, but also to herself and her girls. “Girls might feel belittled, degraded or disrespected if they let themselves. If they put themselves in that position, then they absolutely will feel lesser for what they do,” Nikki said. Nikki said she only wants to be around girls who enjoy the job for what it is. “If at the end of the day you’re going to go home and feel like shit, then I don’t want to be a part of it. You have to genuinely like making the guys feel better,” Nikki said. “Then you feel better. It’s a mutual thing.” However, with the good also comes the bad. “I’ve been robbed, arrested, taken advantage of and hit. It’s all part of the risks. There are no policies and regulations for prostitution. It’s a free-for-all,” she said. There are some security measures they try to enact when they can, but ultimately the security measures can only do so much. “In big cities with all girls and no men, we have security people watching on the outside. But when you’re alone in a room with a guy, it doesn’t matter what kind of security you have. It’s you and him,” she said. Nikki and her girls take precautions and bring mace, switchblades and even take self-defense classes. She tells them that if it comes down to money, they should rather get ripped off than get raped or beaten. “You can replace that money,” Nikki said, “but you can’t replace yourself.” Then with the bad comes the ugly. Nikki revealed to me a darker part of her career. “I’ve been caught for prostitution and I’ve had a police officer come in and take complete advantage of me, and then turn around and arrest me for it,” she said. The experience of having a police officer violate her was one that Nikki won’t forget soon, if ever, she said. “At that point in my life, I would have felt better getting raped and robbed by somebody else, but having a police officer…” She said when the officer took her to court for prostitution she hired a good lawyer and got her case dismissed in court because of the fact that she had been raped. She said the officer didn’t confess, but all the evidence was there and he couldn’t deny it. “But it’s not just him, it’s hundreds of officers taking advantage of girls,” Nikki alleged. Legitimizing prostitution “If I would change anything about my job, it would be to make it legal,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that prostitution is illegal for the simple fact that the government cannot tax it. “I just feel like there’s so much that’s OK and that’s legal that is way worse than this,” she said. “If it’s consensual, the guy wants to do it and the girl wants to do it, who is the government to say it’s not OK?” I can sympathize with her on this. It’s difficult to work and pay tax dollars just to have a police officer rape you, turn around and arrest you for it, and have the law punish you for other acts that have been completely consensual. “It’s absolutely ridiculous that they can’t just let us do what we want, and because they can’t tax it they’re going to set up task forces that cost millions of dollars of tax money to stop something consenting adults want to do together,” Nikki said. Parting our ways Despite everything, Nikki said she has no regrets. “Anything that’s ever happened to me has made me stronger and built character,” she said. It has helped her go forward and teach other girls in the industry to help them realize what it really is, what it can be and what they may get out of it. “I’m here now in my place in the world to help people. No matter if it’s the children in the non-profits that I work for; to the women I hire to work for me. Ultimately the goal is to help them help the world.” When I first met Nikki, I had my doubts and my skepticism about the things she’s said and the things she believes in. Was she really so different from myself in those respects? Through our conversation, I realized that she is just like any other girl who channels her heart and soul into everything she does, including her own career. I got up to shake her hand, but instead she grabbed me and gave me a hug. She was happy, infectiously so, and all she wanted to do was to make others happy, too. At that point, it was hard not to believe in her. Contact CU Independent Staff Writer Natalie Bui at Natalie.bui@colorado.edu. 2010-02-04 CUIndependent Share Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest About CUIndependent The CU Independent or CUI for short is the student newspaper for the University of Colorado at Boulder. We cover News, Sports, Politics, Entertainment, and more. Our mission: to give the students at CU an online publication for students and by students, about the things we care about. Previous KU game sells out Next No smoking zone Check Also Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Political discussion among differing opinions is the only real path to change. By Jackson Barnett 13 comments toast88 February 4, 2010 at 7:16 pm This was one of the most eye-opening and insightful articles I’ve read this year. Definitely one of the most engaging articles on CUI. Simply amazing. Log in to Reply bob February 10, 2010 at 10:16 pm very interesting Log in to Reply ben February 15, 2010 at 8:21 am hi nikki, speak to more. you are just waaaaaw Log in to Reply Nats April 22, 2012 at 4:27 am Nikki is a profound thinker Log in to Reply emoman May 13, 2012 at 9:44 am Wow… This article is such an eye-opener. I did not have even slightest of idea that any girl could understand men so accurately. Nikki understands that sex is something essential for us men..Rarely do women understand that..They think we’re devils if we want physical intimacy.. And she’s absolutely 101% right about one thing – It’s not just about sex. It’s also about uplift, reassurance, aspects other than sex.. being understood is the best luxury anyone can have. . I love girls like Nikki. All the very best Nikki! Log in to Reply Sylvia May 18, 2012 at 9:46 am Absolutely interesting article Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:36 am good good Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:38 am I like You Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:40 am good boy Log in to Reply anon December 5, 2012 at 10:24 am Wow what a bunch of horsesh*t. As the former wife of a married man who frequented the Boulder college escorts I can tell you with absolute certainty that his indiscretions did NOT enhance our marriage or sex life. In fact, quite the opposite. He became increasingly arrogant and abusive, which resulted in him getting caught, getting arrested, and losing everything. As a result of losing his home and family (we have two young daughters together), he tried to kill himself. So, it’s just sad and pathetic to hear some ignorant college girl talk about the benefits she’s providing to families by screwing the husbands. Yeah she’s screwing them, just not in the ways she thinks. Log in to Reply Sydney December 26, 2012 at 1:51 am how can I get into contact with Nikki? Log in to Reply Marlene Damaro March 3, 2013 at 4:54 am Thank you for this uplifting story. From what I read in forums, it seems that many sex workers are getting exploited and only do it for the money. My experience as escort girl has been generally positive. I’m a medical student in Germany and have been doing high-priced escort work for almost 3 years. First 6 months with an agency in Switzerland and then as independent escort in Germany (and occasionally Basel and Ibiza). Prostitution is legal in most European countries. Perhaps I’m lucky that I managed to quickly build a repeat customer business, so I avoid risking negative surprises with first-time clients. My customers treat me well, are well-mannered and well-groomed and quite generous. Two or 3 dates a month are enough to finance my study and lead a comfortable life. Sure, there are downsides like leading a double-life because prostitution is stigmatized and the fear of getting exposed. It certainly is not a job for every girl, but I’m sexually liberal, like to please and be pleased by men, and I enjoy having sex. It makes me feel good when I can make my customers happy, not only by having sex but also by listening, showing understanding and giving warmth. Log in to Reply TruthTeller October 7, 2013 at 8:58 pm Believe me @anon December 5 2012…he didn’t try and kill himself because of the escorts……and if your marriage wasn’t enhanced and you are looking for a reason why then I suggest you find a mirror. Seriously Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Sponsor @The_CUI Tweets by @The_CUI Check it out: Recent Posts Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Check it out:
1	Customer Support 1-866-236-8417 • Help • Get Discounts & Deals Free Gift with Orders Over $99 United States Store Training Find A Plan Nutrition Women Videos Apps United States Shop Store Home Top 50 Products Top 10 Product Lists Sales & Specials Categories Brands Goals Ingredients Shop by Popularity Whey Protein Pre-Workout Creatine Build Muscle Weight Loss Clothing Workout Accessories Just For You Order History Quick Reorder What's New Shop Women's Store Get Fit Find A Plan Weight Loss Build Muscle Workouts Exercise Database Transformations All Training Articles Get Ready BodySpace Clothing Workout Equipment Transform For Life Challenges Featured What's New Ask the Experts Motivation Tools and Trackers Get Started Men's Weight Loss Plans Men's Build Muscle Plans Women's Weight Loss Plans Women's Build Muscle Plans Fitness 360 Weight Loss Plans Fitness 360 Muscle Building Plans All Plans Plan Diet Plans Find a Supplement Plan Apps Featured What's New BodySpace Ask the Experts Fitness 360 Eat Well Diet Plans Recipes Meal Planning Supplementation Calculators Nutrition Tips All Nutrition Articles On The Go Healthy Foods & Meals Multivitamins Food Storage Featured What's New Top 50 Supplements Top 10 Protein Bars Be Active Workouts Weight Loss Build Muscle Recipes Lifestyle Transformations All Women's Articles Shop Shop Women's Store Supplements Protein Clothing Multivitamins Fat Burners Featured What's New Motivation Videos Watch Training Workouts Exercise Guides Nutrition Supplementation Motivation Women All Videos Learn Recipes Diet Plans Health & Lifestyle Featured What's New Programs Sports Be Mobile Store App B-Daily BodySpace Transformed Charlie Mike Big Man On Campus Modern Physique All Apps Get Started Find a Plan Diet Plans Find a Supplement Plan Featured BodySpace Forum Photo Gallery {{context.title || 'All'}} Cancel Today's Posts FAQ Community BodySpace BodyGroups Pictures & Albums Members List BodyBlogs Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders Who's Online Advanced Forum » More General Categories » Misc. » Escort Terms Results 1 to 10 of 10 Thread: Escort Terms Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… Search Thread   Advanced Search 07-20-2009, 09:11 PM #1 ineed$ View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: May 2007 Age: 30 Stats: 5'11", 174 lbs Posts: 4,676 BodyPoints: 6528 Rep Power: 1240 Escort Terms Thought you guys might want to know some of these terms if your ever reading something and they pop up. lol * A-Level (Anal Sex) * ABC (American Born Chinese) * ABJ (American Born Japanese) * AMP (Asian Massage Parlor) : An erotic massage establishment that primarily employs Asian prostitutes. * AAMP (Apartment Asian Massage Parlor): Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. * ASP (Adult Service Provider) * ATF (All-Time Favorite) : A particular client's favorite prostitute. * ATM (Ass to Mouth) * BBBJ (bareback blow-job): Fellatio without a condom. * BBBJTC (bare back blow job to completion) * BBBJTCIM (bare back blow job to completion in mouth) * BBBJTCWS (bare back blow job to completion with swallow) * BBBJWF (bare back blow job with facial) * BBFS (bare back full service) * BBW (Big Beautiful Woman) : A large woman, often obese. * BCD (Behind Closed Doors) : Intimate activity that occurs in private. * BFE (Boyfriend Experience) * BJ (Blowjob) * BL (Ball Licking) * BLS (Ball Licking and Sucking) * BSB (Bus Stop Babe) * CBJ (covered blow-job) : Fellatio with a condom. * CDS (covered doggy style) * CFS (covered full service) : Intercourse with a condom. * CG (cowgirl = girl on top facing you) * CHI (Chicago or CHGO) * CL (craigslist.org) * CMD (carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde) * CMT (Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse.) * CIM (come in mouth) : Prostitute allows customer to ejaculate in her mouth. * COB (Come on Breasts) * COF (Come on face): Prostitute allows customer to ejaculate on her face * DFK (deep french kissing): See GFE. * D&T : Deep and Tight * DATO (Dining at the O) : Anilingus, oral stimulation of the anus. * DATY (dining at the Y.) : Cunnilingus performed by the customer on the prostitute. * DDP (double digit penetration, vagina and anus) * DT (Deep Throat) - The recipient "swallows" the length of the penis. * DDE (doesn't do extras (PS only)) * DDG (drop dead gorgeous) * DFK (deep French kiss) * DIY (do it yourself (masturbation)) * FIV (finger in vagina) * FKK (Frei K?rper Kultur. German brothel / nudist club) * FOB (fresh off the boat. Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US) * FOV (finger outside vagina) * FBSM (Full Body Sensual Massage) : An encounter that is not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and handjob, but more services might be available. * FS (Full Service) : An encounter that includes intercourse. * GFE (girlfriend experience) : Encounter with the prostitute is more like that of two lovers than that of a prostitute providing the means for the customer's release. Often includes BBBJ, DATY, DFK, FS. * GS (Golden Shower) : Occurs with a recipient being urinated on. * HJ (handjob) : Manual stimulation of the penis. * HWP (Height/Weight Proportional) : Normal build, neither unusually slim nor heavy. * J353 : Oral stimulation and deep tongue penetration of the female's anus by the male. (from the jeans with a rear zipper) * L1 (Level one) : experience includes ejaculatory release via manual stimulation * L2 (level two) : experience includes ejaculatory release via manual and oral stimulation * L3 (Level three) : experience includes vaginal and/or anal penetration * LE (Law Enforcement). * LBFM: (Little brown ****ing machine) : US Navy - Filipino women that worked the bars around Subic Bay, many of them looking for boyfriends/husbands amongst the military men. Became a standard reference during the Vietnam war and has since come to mean any dark skinned woman in a poorer country that works in prostitution or hangs out in bars hoping to date foreigners. * LMT (Licensed Massage Therapist) : A massage provider who is licensed in the state in which she practices. * MILF (Mom I'd Like to ****) : An attractive woman in her 30's or 40's. * MFAQL : (Marry first, ask questions later) * MSOG (Multiple Shots on Goal) : The client is permitted to have more than one orgasm during the encounter. * NE (Northern Exploration) : Touching the upper part of the provider's body, typically the breasts. * NQBS (Non-Quitter, But Spitter) : Fellatio in which CIM occurs and the recipient spits the semen out. * NQNS (Non-Quitter, Non-Spitter) : Fellatio in which CIM occurs and the recipient swallows the semen. * NFS (Non-Full Service) : An encounter which does not include intercourse. * OWO (oral without) : Fellatio without a condom. * R&T (Rub and Tug) : Hand relief * PSE (Porn Star Experience) : An encounter that is wild and uninhibited. * RHG (Red Hot Gem) : A must see for return visits, way above average. * RL (Rose Leafing) : licking the anus - sometimes the prostitute uses small condom on her tongue * RMT (Registered Massage Therapist) : A massage provider who is registered in the state in which she practices. * RR (Rough-rider) : prostitute who demands a spank and goes very hard and will return your hits, and verbally abuse you to get you to ride her rough and hard. May use nails and spit too. Similar to a PSE. * SE (Southern Exploration) : Touching the lower parts of the provider's body, typically the buttocks and genitals. * SLGHCSWAP - usually describes a hobbyist who has "so little game he can't score with a pro" * STD (Sexually Transmitted Disease) * STL (Swallow the lot): Prostitute swallows all the semen * TOFTT (Took One For The Team) : A hobbyist who undertakes a session with an unknown provider, and has a bad experience. He "takes one for the team" in order that others may benefit from his knowledge (shared in a review.) * TS (Transexual) : An individual who undergoes gender reassignment surgery. * TS (Table Shower) : An activity in which the client lies on a raised table, and is washed by an attendant. Usually found at AMPs. * TUMA (Tongue Up My Ass): Oral stimulation of the anus involving pressing the tongue into the anus-usually accomplished in conjunction with "rimming" (see below). * TV (Transvestite) : A man who dresses to appear as a woman. * YMMV (Your Mileage May Vary) : A catch phrase which signifies that each encounter may very well be different. * 50/50 (or "half and half") : Oral sex to stimulate the male followed by intercourse Jargon * Asian : Oral sex on the anus of either sex (aka Rimming or Around-the-World). * Cat Bath : Licks all over ones body - back and front * Clockwatcher : A term for a provider who counts the minutes until the session is over. Usually used to describe a provider who rushes and does not enjoy her work. * Cowgirl : Intercourse with the female astride the male. * Deep throat : Fellatio where the whole length of the penis is held in the prostitute's mouth and throat. * Doggie Style : Intercourse position where woman is on her hands and knees, and the man enters her from behind. * French : Oral sex. * Greek : Anal sex. * Full service : Sexual intercourse. * Hobbyist : A client of a prostitute. * In-call : Client visits the prostitute. * Jane : Female client of a prostitute. * John : Male client of a prostitute. * Out-call : Prostitute visits the client. * Provider : Prostitute. * Review : A written description of an encounter, usually on a website. * Rimming : Colloquialism oral-anal-sex, technically known as anilingus. * Russian : Simulated intercourse with the penis between the woman's breasts. * Spanish : Prostitute stimulates the penis between her breasts. * Spinner : A prostitute of small stature and petite proportions, typically less than 5'-4" and 110 lbs. * Upsell : A situation in which the provider asks for further renumeration after the sexual activities begin. 07-20-2009, 09:12 PM #2 Howiester View Profile View Forum Posts hamsterbrah Join Date: Nov 2008 Location: California, United States Stats: 5'9", 185 lbs Posts: 20,424 Rep Power: 72452 in b4 clive. 07-20-2009, 09:15 PM #3 BlitzKrag View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: Feb 2009 Stats: 5'9", 167 lbs Posts: 2,210 Rep Power: 0 I'm 12 and what is this? 09-17-2010, 11:38 AM #4 ineed$ View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: May 2007 Age: 30 Stats: 5'11", 174 lbs Posts: 4,676 BodyPoints: 6528 Rep Power: 1240 bumb 09-17-2010, 11:40 AM #5 CarlMcGuirk View Profile View Forum Posts DINK (not the penor kind) Join Date: Jul 2010 Location: Pennsylvania, United States Stats: 6'3", 236 lbs Posts: 17,142 Rep Power: 14701 AIDS: what you're gonna get 09-17-2010, 11:43 AM #6 datboigene View Profile View Forum Posts Visit Homepage God's got my back (srs) Join Date: Jun 2009 Age: 27 Posts: 15,119 Rep Power: 20332 Originally Posted by CarlMcGuirk AIDS: what you're gonna get True that Robbery: When a john goes to the prostitute and gets beaten and money stolen by Ray Ray or Jamaal.. usually a black guy is the person taking the money from the John 09-17-2010, 11:45 AM #7 Otaman View Profile View Forum Posts In Perpetual Cut Mode Join Date: Apr 2009 Location: Canada Stats: 5'10", 175 lbs Posts: 11,755 Rep Power: 23151 that's illegal 09-17-2010, 11:50 AM #8 Big_Carphuna View Profile View Forum Posts Chupacabra Supreme! Join Date: Jan 2010 Age: 41 Stats: 6'0", 205 lbs Posts: 6,693 Rep Power: 3071 In b4 Bateman. 978 (Lowell, MA) checking in. ^^^()()CTPUMP CREW()()**Master Chief**^^^ +United Misc Front+ ----COME AT US!---- 09-17-2010, 11:51 AM #9 JoeAmerican View Profile View Forum Posts Banned Join Date: Sep 2010 Age: 36 Posts: 77 Rep Power: 0 Originally Posted by datboigene True that Robbery: When a john goes to the prostitute and gets beaten and money stolen by Ray Ray or Jamaal.. usually a black guy is the person taking the money from the John LMAO: When poster quoted above writes this sh*t 09-17-2010, 11:56 AM #10 CementPizza View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: Jan 2002 Location: Littleton, Colorado, United States Stats: 5'11", 288 lbs Posts: 35,176 Rep Power: 29693 In b4 Maldorax I am sex ur butt. Cement Pizza doesn't afraid of doing your mom. RIP: Hector Bluntz Quick Navigation Misc. Top Site Areas Settings Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Forums Main Forums Supplements Product Reviews - Help Out! Supplement Logs Sponsored Supplement Logs Company Promotion Supplement Misc. Supplement Wars! Workout Equipment Workout Programs Workout Journals Olympic Lifting Exercises Injury Recovery And Prevention Nutrition Nutrition Logs Nutrition Misc Keto Keto Logs Keto Recipes Losing Fat Losing Fat Logs Specifically For You Teen Bodybuilding Teen Misc. Teen Workout Logs Over Age 35 Over 35 Workout Journals Over 35 Misc Female Bodybuilding Journaling Female Misc. Company Promotion Powerlifting/Strongman Powerlifting Workouts - Training Journals Powerlifting Video Library Personal Trainers Section More General Categories Post Your Pictures and Introduce Yourself Sports Training Sports Training Journals Professional Bodybuilding Men's Physique Contest Prep and Competition Discussion Contest Prep Journals Motivation Misc. Gaming and Technology Sports Fantasy Sports Education/Career/Finance WWE Wrestling Forum MMA Fighting Automotive and Motorsport Religion and Politics Relationships and Relationship Help Support & Feedback Board & Feature Requests Post Your Own Articles! Moderator Application Form BodySpace Profiles And BodyBlogs « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Bookmarks Bookmarks Digg del.icio.us StumbleUpon Google Facebook Twitter Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules -- BBcom 2014 -- BBcom 2014 Mobile -- BBcom Black Contact Us Bodybuilding.com Archive Top Need Help? Help Center Email Support Live Chat Gift Certificates Send Us Feedback Orders & Shipping Order Status Returns/Exchanges Shipping Support United States Connect With Us Join Our Newsletter Be the first to receive exciting news, features, and special offers from Bodybuilding.com! Careers Terms of Use About Us Site Map Advertise With Us Affiliates Help Â© 2016 Bodybuilding.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Bodybuilding.comâ  and BodySpaceÂ® are trademarks of Bodybuilding.com, LLC. Â©  Bodybuilding.com,  5777 N. Meeker Ave.  Boise ID  83713  USA  1-866-236-8417
1	genderberg.com Skip to content Advanced search Board index ‹ Public Forums ‹ essays, articles, rants for public view Change font size Print view FAQ Register Login prostitution terminology & slang Got something to share with the reading public that isn't an action but should be read? Moderators: delphyne, oneangrygirl, deedle, sam Post a reply 1 post • Page 1 of 1 prostitution terminology & slang by sam » Wed Jul 26, 2006 5:25 pm Prostitution Terminology By Joseph Parker, Clinical Director The Lola Greene Baldwin Foundation http://www.prostitutionrecovery.org/pro ... ology.html The following list of prostitution terminology was accumulated by working directly with prostituted women, children, and men, as well as pimps. Some also came from law enforcement and other agencies which have contact with prostituted people. Some prostitution terms are stable and very old. Others are rapidly changing or regional. The main purpose, other than to evade law enforcement, is to make the kids and adults being prostituted feel special and different from "squares" and support their fantasy that they have more glamor and more control of their lives than they do. Some terms are not from the common language because they refer to experiences luckier people are unlikely ever to have. ARRANGEMENTS OR UNDERSTANDINGS: in places where prostitution is legal, the drug laws are not abolished, yet prostitution sites need large and regular drug deliveries to keep their prostituted people numb enough to survive and keep working. Agreements are made not to enforce the drug laws around protected establishments. The government officials and businessmen involved usually are paid in money, sometimes in drugs for their own use, but almost always, in special sexual services. These often are secretly videotaped in case the arrangement needs to be helped along with blackmail. AUTOMATIC: when the pimp is out of town, in jail, or otherwise not in direct control of those he is prostituting, the victims "automatically" go out to prostitute without being ordered to. AROUND THE WORLD: vaginal intercourse (chiefly from trucking industry). BABY 'HO: unusually young person being prostituted. Age 12 and younger are not unusual. BAREBACKING: sex without a condom. Some HIV positive men will not disclose their status but offer extra money. Also sought by others whose HIV status is unknown. Almost everyone in prostitution very long becomes hepatitis C positive. BED DANCING: a strip club performance in which a naked or nearly naked woman will dance on top of a clothed man on a bed in a private room. Readily escalates to acts of direct prostitution. BITCH (AS WELL AS CUNT, 'HO, SLUT, ETC.): used by pimps and customers to address or refer to prostituted women, and often nude dancers. BOTTOM BITCH (PREVIOUSLY BOTTOM LADY): a pimp who has more than one woman under his control will appoint one woman to supervise the others, report rule violations, and often help inflict punishment on them. Some, in later life, will go on to become pimps, madams and escort service operators themselves. BREAK A BITCH: when the pimp, or someone acting for him, takes all the money a prostituted person has earned. May be done several times a day. BREAKING IN A NEW BITCH: things a pimp does to take control of a new victim. (Related word: "seasoning".) BROTHEL, BORDELLO, CATHOUSE, WHOREHOUSE: may be a large apartment or actual house, or, in Nevada and other countries, a specially built facility for selling sex on the premises. Often has extreme security measures to prevent attacks by other criminals seeking the large amounts of cash and dope kept there. The security is two sidedÐto keep the women and children in, as well as robbers out. The places often are guarded (and open) 24 hours a day, but some have closing times in which the victims are locked in from the outside. CAR TRICK, CAR DATE: prostituted person is picked from the street by a john for the purpose of having sex in the vehicle. Very dangerous, because once in the car, she is isolated and under his control. He can do anything, including robbery, assault, dumping her naked in a remote area, or even murder. Entering a vehicle with more than one man in it, or getting into a closed van are even more dangerous. CATCHER: usually younger, "wannabe pimps", who watch prostitution victims on "the track" or in other prostitution venues, to make sure they are following the pimp's orders. CAUGHT A CASE: either the pimp or a prostituted person has been arrested and charged with a crime. CHOOSE: the victim can be told she has chosen a pimp by as little as making eye contact with him. Usually involuntary, but some more experienced women may be able to negotiate a change of pimps if they have the fee. CHOOSING FEE OR CHANGING FEE: amount paid by prostituted person to the original pimp to compensate him for what he has lost in the course of the victim changing over to the control of a different pimp. CIRCUIT (OR TRACK): a set area where prostituted people are regularly available. This can be the area around a group of strip clubs and pornography stores or a particular stretch of street. Within a country, it can be a series of cities among which prostituted people are moved, such a as the west coast circuit of San Diego, Las Vegas, Vancouver, BC and cities in between. It can also be a chain of states, such as the "Minnesota pipeline" by which victims are moved through a series of states, from Minnesota to markets in New York. CLUB EXECUTIVE: manages sex industry clubs and bars. Often claims to own or partially own the business. Often they do not, but are acting to conceal ownership by one of the communities major "respectable businessmen" or organized crime. Attempts to trace true ownership often lead only to holding companies and corporations that only exist in some attorney's office. COMBAT ZONE: municipal strategy of trying to confine sexually oriented businesses to a small area, one in which the residents are poor and small legitimate businesses in decline. The zone also becomes the center for street prostitution, drug dealing and high rates of other crime. The idea is to protect "better" areas from the increased crime rates, degraded quality of life and falling property values. This strategy has generally failed because the combat zones bring in more customers from a wider area, and more businesses are established, resulting in the problems spreading to other parts of the community. COMIN' UP: refers to a victim recently turned out who is bringing in good money. COUCH DANCING: a strip club performance which may very from club to club and area to area. Sometimes it will involve dancing on a box between the trick's legs, other times it will consist of straddling the trick while he lies on a couch. The customer usually is clothed, while the woman is naked or nearly so. It may take place in an open club area, or in a private booth set up to facilitate direct prostitution. DADDY: what pimps require their victims to call them. They may refer to themselves as "Pimp Daddy" when among people like themselves. DATE: describes a prostitution customer or the activity of prostitution. For example, "with a date" or "dating". The word "trick" also has dual meaning. DUAL SYSTEM: in jurisdictions with legal prostitution, one part of the industry complies with licensing, health checks, and taxes. Inevitably, a parallel system develops outside the law, because many pimps do not want to pay taxes, and do want the freedom to use underage children and high levels of violence. Legal or not, almost all operators of prostitution businesses have a fundamental criminal orientation. ESCORT SERVICE: organization operating chiefly through cell phones and pagers, which sends prostituted people to the trick's location (an outcall), or arranges to have the john come to a house or apartment which may be the workplace of a single woman or actually a small brothel (an incall). Some are networked with others and can assemble large numbers of women for parties and conventions. Others serve those with special tastes such as children or sadomasochism. EUROPEAN: sometimes used to refer to acts involving urine, feces, and other things. EXIT FEE: money a pimp will demand from a victim who is thinking about trying to leave. It will be an exorbitant sum, to discourage her from leaving. Most pimps never let their victims leave freely. FAMILY OR FOLK: group of people under the control of one pimp, who plays the role of "father". This idea can be psychologically complicating for a victim who never had a family before. FINES, TAXES: failed ideas for controlling prostitution. When people are convicted of prostitution and fined, they must do even more prostitution to pay the fines. When governments tax legal sex businesses in which prostitution is none the less allowed, the taxes are paid in large part from the income from prostitution. The courts and government become just another layer of pimps who have to be paid. FINESSE PIMP: one who prides himself on controlling others primarily through psychological manipulation. Still, the threat of violence is always there. FISTING: forcing a closed fist up someone's vagina or anus. For a few people, an erotic act. More commonly used by pimps and johns to extensively damage a woman's pelvic organs, permanently injuring her. Can be imperfectly repaired if the victim is able to seek treatment. FOLLOW YOUR MONEY: phrase pimps use to warn prostituted people to take care of the money they are given. Losing money by some means, such as being robbed by a trick, will result in being turned back out to work 24 hours a day until the money is replaced, and the daily quota is also met. FRONTS: money a pimp will give his victims to use for cab fare, drinks and condoms. Also called "walking around money". THE GAME: the sex industry generally. Pimps are called "players". GOLDEN SHOWER: a "sex" act in which one person urinates on another. Also "water sports", a term more commonly used in gay prostitution. GORILLA PIMP: one who controls his victims almost entirely through violence. Also, there are gorilla 'hoes who assist a pimp in controlling his "stable" chiefly through violence. HALF AND HALF: an act of prostitution in which there is both oral and vaginal sex. Priced somewhat lower than each act would be individually. HAND JOB: prostituted person brings john to orgasm by manual masturbation. In massage parlors, called a "hand finish". HARD CORE: two meanings when used in pornography. May mean showing an erect penis in action. May also refer to pornography when an actor, usually female, gets hurt, such as by violent anal sex. 'HO: person being prostituted. Short for whore. HO VINE: "grape vine"-like networks of communication among people being prostituted. HO LINE: loose network of communication between pimps, chiefly by phone, inter-city and interstate. Often uses changing slang and code words to confound law enforcement along the "circuit". Used to trade, buy, and sell prostituted women and children. HUSTLER: someone who will do anything for money: sell drugs, steal, scam and pimp. Also more specific to a person prostituted in the gay trade. IZZ OR IZZN: added to words to give a different sound, like "pig latin". To make surveillance and presenting evidence in court more difficult. Along with changing specialized slang, may require prosecutors to provide expert witness to translate for the court. JACK SHACK: lingerie modeling, massage parlors and other operations where tricks masturbate while watching women in revealing clothes, underwear or lack thereof. Almost always have facilities for on-site prostitution. JOHN: person buying another for sexual gratification. Primary cause of prostitution. Comes from alias often used by customer if asked their name. May also derive from euphemism for toilet. KIDDIE STROLL: area of the stroll featuring kids under sixteen, often much younger. Especially prominent in countries where prostitution is legal, but has minimum age limits of 18 years or so. Largest kiddie stroll in North America is in Vancouver, B.C., Canada, where public solicitation is illegal but not prostitution itself. LAP DANCING: strip club act in which a woman will grind her body into the lap of a trick. While the trick is clothed, the woman may be naked or nearly so. LAY SOME DRAG: the way the victim is taught to talk to people not involved in prostitution. LICK HITTER: severely addicted person who prostitutes just enough to get a dose of drugs or alcohol. When that wears off, she is back on the "track" until she can get another dose. May go on for days or weeks at a time, with serious health consequences. THE LIFE: in earlier times, "the sporting life" The experience of being used in prostitution. Virtually always involves heavy drug and alcohol use, violence and other crime. LOT LIZARD: person who picks up tricks at truck stops. May service an individual trucker while traveling with him from place to place. MADAME: older woman who manages brothel. May have been prostituted in her earlier years, but may be a pimp/career criminal in her own right. Often supports the women's outside pimp/boyfriend/fiance/husband by calling him when victim gets off work, and telling him exactly at what time she left and exactly how much money she had when she left. OUT OF POCKET: person not under control of a pimp. Will be vulnerable to threats, harassment and violence in order to make them "choose" a pimp. Also may mean in violation of pimp's rules. OUTLAW: prostituted person generally successful in avoiding control by pimps. PEEL A TRICK: when a prostituted person steals money, checkbooks, and credit cards from a customer. May be used by members of prostitution group or sold to others who "hang paper" or do identity theft. PEEP SHOWS, LIVE SEX SHOWS: usually found in pornography stores. The trick sits behind a glass partition, and directs sexual activity by women and/or men, with or without sex toys and other props, to fulfill his fantasies. PIMP: person who persuades or forces his victims to engage in prostitution. The pimp collects the money paid by the johns, essentially for his services in using whatever manipulation or force is needed to keep the women and kids serving the johns desires. PIMP HARD: to raise quotas, reduce rest times, and/or require victims to accept tricks they would ordinarily avoid. PIMP PARTY: when several pimps come together to rape, beat, drug, and torture someone who is resisting being prostituted, or who was "out of line" by trying to escape, talking to the police, or whatever. Can go on for days. PIMP STICK: a steel whip made out of coat hanger wire. May be heated on a stove to burn as well as cut tissue. Other items, such as appliance cord, towel bars and shower curtain rods, cigarettes and curling irons also may be used to inflict overwhelming pain. PORNOGRAPHY: sexual activity depicted in words, pictures or films solely for sexual stimulation of others, and for monetary gain. The sex industry tries to keep it protected by claiming it to be "art", under freedom of speech. Generally repetitive, following only a few standard formulas. Some "actors" are voluntary, but many are prostituted, having been "ordered" from a local pimp for particular roles. Is addictive to many people. Obsession with it may terminate any normal sex life the addicts had, and cause them to spend far more money and time on their addiction than they can afford. Has a major role in "fueling" some users to the point they cross over from fantasy to actual violent crime. PRIVATE DANCE: couch, bed or other "dances" which often take place in private rooms at an extra charge. This offers men the opportunity to pressure women into more direct acts of prostitution to earn tips. QUOTA: amount of money prostituted person must turn over to the pimp before they can stop prostituting and go home. Commonly $500/day. RABBIT: a prostituted person who goes from one pimp to another too frequently. RECKLESS EYEBALLING: when a prostituted person looks at another pimp, which is strictly forbidden. RENEGADE: prostituted person not under control of a pimp. ROLL A TRICK: robbing a trick with force by prostituted person, the pimp, or his associates. Usually involves weak or intoxicated tricks. SCAT: sexual activity centered on feces. SEASONING: combination of psychological manipulation, intimidation, gang rape and sodomy, beatings, deprivation of food and sleep, cutting off from family, friends and other sources of support and threatening or holding hostage of victim's children. Purpose is to totally break down victim's resistance and ensure that she will do anything she is told. SHOWER DANCING: strip club performance in which women are placed naked in a transparent shower. Paying customers may be allowed to apply soap or lotions to their bodies. SISTER WIFE, SISTER-IN-LAW, WIFE-IN-LAW, STABLE SISTER: what women in a pimp's stable call each other. SPONGES: pimps keep their victims working all day, every day, year round ("24/7" is originally a prostitution term). There is no time off for menstruation. Instead of being allowed to use tampons, the women are required to cut up pieces of kitchen sponges and insert them in their vaginas to absorb menstrual blood without the john's noticing, as they would with a tampon. Pimps who want to humiliate the women may make them trade sponges. If he wants to inflict pain, he may make them use sponge/scotchbrite pads with the scotchbrite facing inward. SPORT, BJ, BLOW JOB, FRENCH: oral sex SQUARE: anyone not involved in the life of prostitution. STABLE: group of people under the control of a single pimp. The choice of a farming word is not accidental. Pimps consider their victims to be no better than animals. STRAIGHT SEX, STRAIGHT LAY: vaginal intercourse. STREETWALKER, 'WALKER: someone who primarily contacts tricks by walking the street and making nonverbal signals that they are available. May do car tricks or have a motel room nearby. STRIP CLUBS: a legal system of prostitution in which women and men take their clothes off for the sexual stimulation of customers. Often have private "VIP rooms" for on-site prostitution. STROLL: sections of street commonly used to market sex between johns in cars and women and kids on foot. If it is in a poor neighborhood, or a commercial area not open at night, and therefore there are few complaints to city officials by anyone considered to matter, the area may serve as a kind of "red light" district for decades. SWEATING A BITCH: when a pimp puts pressure on a prostituted person to accept them as their pimp. Methods include stalking, harassment, assaults and outright kidnapping. TABLE DANCING: strip club performance in which a woman will dance on a small platform they carry around with them, or dance on the actual table around which one or more men are seated. The men are clothed while the dancer may be nude or nearly so. TIP: a term used in the escort and massage areas of prostitution. This is the amount actually received by the prostituted person, while the agency gets the "service charge". TRAP: the money or the location where it is hidden while on the circuit. A pimp may empty these traps several times a day. TRACKER: a man who will go after an escaping prostituted person, kidnap them, and return them to the pimp for a fee. TRADE UP, TRADE DOWN, BUY AND SELL: pimps dispose of victims giving them problems, or who no longer match the profile sought by the clientele the pimp normally serves. They may trade straight across, with some money or in return for two or more other victims. The buy/sell price is usually low: $2500 to $3500. The women/kids can be moved long distances rapidly, such as from Portland, OR to Atlanta, GA, with a guard, overnight by air. TRICK: describes both the act of prostitution and the person buying it. Or example, "turning a trick" or "with a trick". TURN OUT: used both to describe being forced into prostitution and a person newly involved in prostitution. "She was turned out at the age of 14 years", or "Syd is a turn out". WORKING: engaged in active prostitution. WORKING GIRL: euphemism for a prostituted woman. Copyright 2004, Joe Parker sam chaotic good   Posts: 4386 Joined: Thu Dec 30, 2004 12:54 am Top Post a reply 1 post • Page 1 of 1 Return to essays, articles, rants for public view Jump to: Select a forum ------------------    resources Public Forums    essays, articles, rants for public view Carnival of Radical Feminists #22 Who is online Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guest Board index The team • Delete all board cookies • All times are UTC - 8 hours Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Group
1	Sign Up Log In Searching, subscribing and replying topics need you to log on first. Connect with Facebook or Almost Done! Sign up with your email address. Email Password By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Sign Up Searching, subscribing and replying topics need you to log on first. Connect with Facebook or Email or Username: Password Login Remember me? Forgot Password? Home Categories Style Labels Lifestyle Regional Marketplace Administration Fashion Footwear Denim Brands Legit Checks Up & Coming Supreme Adidas Nike Vans Jordan Off Topic Music Gaming Sports Automotive Arts Photography Entertainment Tech Fitness Current Affairs United States Canada Australia Europe United Kingdom Germany Netherlands France Asia China Singapore Philippines Hong Kong Japan South Korea Sneakers Apparel Other Goods Buyer/Seller Feedback Forum Support Members HYPECHAT Back to hypebeast.com Login Register Off Topic Sex Acronyms Herban 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 September 19, 2011 at 22:47:17 Sep 19, 2011 @ 22:47 Common adult industry sex terms, abbreviations, codes, codewords, terminology, acronyms, lingo, and glossary. What does this mean, what is the definition of, as defined in the dictionary, and what do the letters stand for: AAMP = Apartment Asian Massage Parlor. Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. ABC = american born chinese ABJ = american born japanese Agency = a company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of escorts. AMP = Asian Massage Parlor analingus = licking anus Asian = analingus Asian Cowgirl = girl on top, squatting ASP = Adult Service Provider, or alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup ATF = all time favorite ATM = ass to mouth = *****, toy, finger goes from ass to mouth. attempts = trying to orgasm Aunt Flo = menstruation, period B&S = bait and switch = person who shows up is a different one than advertised babyback = petite, young, attractive Asian balloons = breast implants BB = bareback = without condom BJ = blowjob = oral sex = fellatio BBBJ = bare back blow job = BJ without condom BBBJTC = bare back blow job to completion (in mouth) BBBJTCIM = bare back blow job to completion in mouth BBBJTCNQNS = bare back blow job to completion, no quit, no spit BBBJTCWS = bare back blow job to completion with swallow BBBJWF = bare back blow job with facial BBFS = bare back sex BBW = big beautiful woman BCD = behind closed doors BDSM = bondage, discipline, sado-masochism. BF = boy friend BFE = boy friend experience birdwatching = BBBJTCWS BLS = ball licking and sucking Blue Jay = blow job blue pill = Viagra BSB = bus stop babe butter face = everything looks good, but her face BTW = by the way cash and dash = ROB who takes your money and runs CBJ = covered blow job = BJ with condom CC Rider = full service provider costing $200 or less CD = cross dresser CDS = covered doggy style CFS = covered full service = Sex with condom CG = cowgirl = girl on top facing you CH = Crazy Horse, SF Strip Club CIM = cum in mouth CL = craigslist.org CMD = carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde CMT = Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse. Cowgirl = CG = girl on top facing you cover = condom cruising = driving around, looking for streetwalkers cups of coffee = releases = orgasms DATO = dining at the o = analingus DATY = dining at the y = cunnilingus DDP = double digit penetration, kitty and anus Dodge = streetwalker stroll: Mission Blvd, between A St and 14th St, in Hayward, CA Doggie = man behind girl, girl on hands and knees donation = payment Doubles = A threesome with two girls and you DDE = doesn't do extras (PS only) DDG = drop dead gorgeous DFK = deep french kissing, open mouth with tongue DIY = do it yourself (masturbation) DP = double penetration, two guys on one girl DT = deep throat, entire length of ***** taken in mouth ECR = el camino real EOM = end of message. No text in message body. escort = a temporary companion for hire facial = cumming on partner's face FBSM = full body sensual massage fire and ice = a blowjob switching between hot tea and ice FIV = finger in vagina FKK = Frei K 1 0 Blade Gretzky 844 posts 0 hype May 2011 844 posts 0 hype May 2011 September 19, 2011 at 22:48:46 Sep 19, 2011 @ 22:48 raincoat = condom lol 0 0 jaded 8350 posts 277 hype Feb 2008 ಠ______ಠ 8350 posts 277 hype Feb 2008 ಠ______ಠ September 19, 2011 at 22:49:33 Sep 19, 2011 @ 22:49 teabag = man squats and dips balls in partner's mouth 0 0 i'm the best mayne, i deed it jtangtwenty3 1049 posts 0 hype Dec 2010 chicago/cincinnati 1049 posts 0 hype Dec 2010 chicago/cincinnati September 19, 2011 at 22:49:43 Sep 19, 2011 @ 22:49 Tmi 0 0 WCDon 1116 posts 3 hype May 2011 Bay Area 1116 posts 3 hype May 2011 Bay Area September 19, 2011 at 23:07:13 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:07 dat urbandictionary roaming 0 0 THIS CANDYLAND NIGGA Jens Voigt 888 posts 2 hype May 2011 san jose 888 posts 2 hype May 2011 san jose September 19, 2011 at 23:17:01 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:17 QuoteOriginally posted by Herban mohawk = thin rectangular strip of pubic hair wut 0 0 . The Chosen One 1448 posts 0 hype Jun 2011 1448 posts 0 hype Jun 2011 September 19, 2011 at 23:18:01 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:18 BBFS = bare back sex what? 0 0 Homes 482 posts 0 hype Oct 2008 Seattle 482 posts 0 hype Oct 2008 Seattle September 19, 2011 at 23:20:26 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:20 permission to slap me in my face if I ever use "BBBJTCNQNS" to describe a bj in everday conversation 0 0 Herban 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 September 19, 2011 at 23:28:31 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:28 Originally posted by Inactive User BBFS = bare back sex what? I think it means sex with no condom. 0 0 blackice445 1635 posts 9 hype Jul 2009 New Jersey 1635 posts 9 hype Jul 2009 New Jersey September 19, 2011 at 23:29:45 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:29 BBC= Big black cock 0 0 Jvlv 913 posts 22 hype Oct 2010 913 posts 22 hype Oct 2010 September 19, 2011 at 23:31:25 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:31 BBBJTCNQNS is my favourite 0 0 i_hate_simps 796 posts 0 hype Dec 2008 Seattle 796 posts 0 hype Dec 2008 Seattle September 20, 2011 at 01:28:34 Sep 20, 2011 @ 01:28 lol they dont even have DVDA!!! 0 0 warts 286 posts 0 hype Sep 2011 Los Angeles 286 posts 0 hype Sep 2011 Los Angeles September 20, 2011 at 01:46:55 Sep 20, 2011 @ 01:46 Forgot G.I.L.F. 0 0 The Chosen One 1448 posts 0 hype Jun 2011 1448 posts 0 hype Jun 2011 September 20, 2011 at 01:56:48 Sep 20, 2011 @ 01:56 QuoteOriginally posted by herban i think it means sex with no condom. bbfs? 0 0 Herban 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 September 20, 2011 at 02:00:54 Sep 20, 2011 @ 02:00 Bare Back Full Service. Full Service = FS = Bj+Penetration 0 0 mr mcgibblets 2122 posts 2 hype Nov 2010 2122 posts 2 hype Nov 2010 September 20, 2011 at 02:27:46 Sep 20, 2011 @ 02:27 QuoteOriginally posted by WCDon dat urbandictionary roaming these are escort/hobbyist terms. 0 0 Off Topic Please login first to reply. Home Categories Style Fashion Footwear Denim Labels Brands Legit Checks Up & Coming Supreme Adidas Nike Vans Jordan Lifestyle Off Topic Music Gaming Sports Automotive Arts Photography Entertainment Tech Fitness Current Affairs Regional United States Canada Australia Europe United Kingdom Germany Netherlands France Asia China Singapore Philippines Hong Kong Japan South Korea Marketplace Sneakers Apparel Other Goods Buyer/Seller Feedback Administration Forum Support Members HYPECHAT Guidelines Login Register Store Forums Enjoy HYPETRAK's updates, features, and editorials on the dynamic world of music. About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy 2016 Hypebeast Limited. All Rights Reserved. About About Contact Us Community Guidelines Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy More Hypebeast Editorial HYPEBAE HYPETRAK HBX Subscribe to Hypebeast Receive the latest in Footwear, Fashion, Music and Creativity in our newsletters Sign Up Connect With Us Our apps About Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy 2016 Hypebeast Limited. All Right Reserved.  
1	Explore Pros & Cons of Controversial Issues Legal Prostitution HOME MORE ISSUES EDUCATION College Education D.A.R.E. School Uniforms Standardized Tests Tablets vs. Textbooks Teacher Tenure ELECTIONS & PRESIDENTS 2008 Presidential Election (archived 2009) 2012 Presidential Election (archived 2013) 2016 Presidential Election Bill Clinton Felon Voting Local Elections Ronald Reagan Voting Machines HEALTH & MEDICINE Abortion Euthanasia Medical Marijuana Milk Obamacare / Health Care Laws Obesity Prescription Drug Ads to Consumers Right to Health Care Vaccines for Kids Vegetarianism MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT Social Networking Video Games and Violence MONEY & BUSINESS Big Three Auto Bailout (archived 2009) Corporate Tax Rate & Jobs Gold Standard Insider Trading by Congress (archived 2012) POLITICS ACLU Concealed Handguns Death Penalty Drinking Age Gun Control Illegal Immigration Social Security Privatization WTC Muslim Center (archived 2013) RELIGION Churches and Taxes Under God in the Pledge SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY Alternative Energy vs. Fossil Fuels Animal Testing Cell Phones Climate Change SEX & GENDER Born Gay? Origins of Sexual Orientation Gay Marriage Prostitution SPORTS College Football Playoffs (archived 2012) Drug Use in Sports Golf - Is It a Sport? WORLD / INTERNATIONAL Cuba Embargo Drones Israeli-Palestinian Conflict US-Iraq War (archived 2011) ABOUT US METRICS MEDIA TRAFFIC TESTIMONIALS SUPPORT / DONATE DONORS & SPONSORS TEACHERS' CORNER FAQS CONTACT US Legal Prostitution - MAIN PAGE & RESOURCES LIST Featured Resources Should Prostitution Be Legal? Top 10 Pros and Cons Did You Know? Historical Timeline Comments Pros & Cons by Category CORE QUESTION Defining Terms Key Concepts and Demographics Brothels Crime Decriminalization vs. Legalization Demean Women? Economics Health Human Trafficking Marriage and Prostitution Morality Personal Freedom and Liberty Pornography Red-Light Districts Viewpoints from Involved Parties Projects 100 Countries and Their Prostitution Policies US Federal and State Prostitution Laws and Related Punishments US and State Prostitution Arrests, 2001-2010 Opinion Polls/Surveys Percentage of Men (by Country) Who Paid for Sex at Least Once: The Johns Chart Learn More Source Biographies Glossary Notices Archive Site Map Additional Resources Rhode Island Outlaws Indoor Prostitution, Closing Legal Loophole  HOME  MORE ISSUES EDUCATION College Education D.A.R.E. School Uniforms Standardized Tests Tablets vs. Textbooks Teacher Tenure ELECTIONS & PRESIDENTS 2008 Presidential Election (archived 2009) 2012 Presidential Election (archived 2013) 2016 Presidential Election Bill Clinton Felon Voting Local Elections Ronald Reagan Voting Machines HEALTH & MEDICINE Abortion Euthanasia Medical Marijuana Milk Obamacare / Health Care Laws Obesity Prescription Drug Ads to Consumers Right to Health Care Vaccines for Kids Vegetarianism MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT Social Networking Video Games and Violence MONEY & BUSINESS Big Three Auto Bailout (archived 2009) Corporate Tax Rate & Jobs Gold Standard Insider Trading by Congress (archived 2012) POLITICS ACLU Concealed Handguns Death Penalty Drinking Age Gun Control Illegal Immigration Social Security Privatization WTC Muslim Center (archived 2013) RELIGION Churches and Taxes Under God in the Pledge SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY Alternative Energy vs. Fossil Fuels Animal Testing Cell Phones Climate Change SEX & GENDER Born Gay? Origins of Sexual Orientation Gay Marriage Prostitution SPORTS College Football Playoffs (archived 2012) Drug Use in Sports Golf - Is It a Sport? WORLD / INTERNATIONAL Cuba Embargo Drones Israeli-Palestinian Conflict US-Iraq War (archived 2011) ABOUT US METRICS MEDIA FAQS TRAFFIC TESTIMONIALS CONTACT US DONORS & SPONSORS SUPPORT / DONATE TEACHERS' CORNER Legal Prostitution Home Featured Resources 1. Should Prostitution Be Legal? 2. Top 10 Pros and Cons 3. Did You Know? 4. Historical Timeline 5. Comments +Pros & Cons by Category CORE QUESTION Defining Terms Key Concepts and Demographics Brothels Crime Decriminalization vs. Legalization Demean Women? Economics Health Human Trafficking Marriage and Prostitution Morality Personal Freedom and Liberty Pornography Red-Light Districts Viewpoints from Involved Parties Projects 6. 100 Countries and Their Prostitution Policies 7. US Federal and State Prostitution Laws and Related Punishments 8. US and State Prostitution Arrests, 2001-2010 9. Opinion Polls/Surveys 10. Percentage of Men (by Country) Who Paid for Sex at Least Once: The Johns Chart Learn More 11. Source Biographies 12. Glossary 13. Notices Archive 14. Site Map + Additional Resources Rhode Island Outlaws Indoor Prostitution, Closing Legal Loophole Thanks! Get free email updates: Last updated on: 3/5/2009 10:40:00 AM PST Glossary cite facebook twitter google+ email print T E R M S A Abolition Assignation B Bawdy House Bordello Brothel C Call Girl Call House Cat House Clandestinas Coitus Courtesan Criminalize Curb Crawling D Decriminalize E Escort F Felony Femmes Libres G Gigolo Globalization H Harlot Hooker House of Ill Fame Human Trafficking Hustle J John K Kerb Crawler L Lady of the Night Legalize Lewd Libertarian M Madam Marginalize Misdemeanor   N   O P Pander Patriarchy Pimp Prostitute Prostitution Punter Q R Red-Light S Self-Determination Sex Worker Soapland Solicitation Street Walker Strumpet T Trafficking Transactional Sex U V Victimize W Whore X Y Z TERM DEFINITION Abolition The act of formally destroying something through legal means, either by making it illegal, or simply no longer allowing it to exist in any form. Assignation An appointment for a meeting between lovers. An engagement. Bawdy House A house appropriated to the purposes of prostitution. Bordello A house appropriated to the purposes of prostitution. Brothel A house appropriated to the purposes of prostitution. Call Girl A female prostitute with whom an appointment may be made by telephone. Call House A house or apartment where call girls may be procured. Cat House A house appropriated to the purposes of prostitution. Clandestinas Name given to prostitutes, in a country with a legal system regulating prostitution, who work illegally as unregistered prostitutes. Coitus Sexual intercourse between a male and a female involving insertion of the penis into the vagina. Courtesan A prostitute with courtly, wealthy, or upper-class clientele. Criminalize To impose a criminal penalty on or for; outlaw. Curb Crawling The practice of trying to pick up a prostitute by driving slowly along the curb. Decriminalize To remove or reduce the criminal classification or status. Escort A person, often a prostitute, who is hired to spend time with another as a companion. Felony A crime sufficiently serious to be punishable by death or a term in state or federal prison, as distinguished from a misdemeanor. Femmes Libres A sexually active unmarried woman. Often used as a euphemism for a prostitute. Gigolo A male prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. Globalization Growth to a global or worldwide scale. Harlot A prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. Hooker A prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. House of Ill Fame A house appropriated to the purposes of prostitution. Human Trafficking The commercial trade (smuggling) of human beings, who are subjected to involuntary acts such as begging, sexual exploitation (eg. prostitution and forced marriage), or forced labor (eg. involuntary servitude or working in sweatshops). Hustle To engage in prostitution. John A prostitute's client. Kerb Crawler Someone who drives slowly along the curb seeking sex from prostitutes. Lady of the Night Euphemistic term for a prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. Legalize To make legal; To give legal validity or sanction to. Lewd Sexual in an obvious and rude way. Libertarian An advocate of the doctrine of free will. A person who upholds the principles of individual liberty especially of thought and action. Madam The female head of a house of prostitution. Marginalize To relegate to an unimportant or powerless position within society or a group. Misdemeanor A lesser crime usually punishable by a fine and/or county jail time for up to one year. Pander To procure sexual favors for somebody (ex. a pimp or madam). Patriarchy A system of society in which men hold most or all of the power. Pimp A person, usually a man, who solicits customers for a prostitute or a brothel, in return for a share of the earnings. Prostitute One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. Prostitution The act of engaging in sexual intercourse or performing other sex acts in exchange for payment. Punter British slang for a prostitute's client. A john. Red-Light A part of a city where people and businesses sell sex. Self-Determination Free choice of one's own acts or states without external compulsion. Sex Worker A person whose work involves sexually explicit behavior. Includes prostitutes. Soapland A type of brothel in Japan that involves bathing. Solicitation The crime of encouraging or inducing another to commit a crime or join in the commission of a crime. Solicitation may refer to a prostitute's (or their pimp's) offer of sexual acts for pay. Street Walker A prostitute who solicits in the streets. Strumpet A prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. Trafficking See Human Trafficking. Transactional Sex The giving of gifts or services in return for sex. Those who receive the gifts generally have other sources of incomes. Victimize To make a victim of. Whore A prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. DONATE - Donate to ProCon.org - DONATE Visit the ProCon.org community on: Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Plus tumblr YouTube Linkedin RSS Reprinting Policy | How to Cite ProCon.org | Media & Press | Donate to ProCon.org | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy Debate Topics | State Laws | History of... | Critical Thinking Quotes | Teaching Controversial Issues TRANSLATE into 100+ Languages and Dialects © 2016 ProCon.org, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit | 233 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 200, Santa Monica, CA 90401 | Tel: 310-451-9596
1	InstagramFacebook Twitter Search Donate The Problem What is Sex Trafficking? FAQs Glossary of Terms What We Do Prevent Training Awareness Collaboration Restore Programs Partners Stories of Hope Bring Justice Policy Development Legislative Action Center Resources Research Store Policy Tools Join The Cause Ambassadors of Hope Become a Defender Report Trafficking Add A Badge Donate News & Events Latest News Request a Speaker Host an Event Attend an Event Press Center About Us Our Mission and Values Our Story Our Impact Financial Accountability Leadership Join Our Team Contact Us 0 Items Home > The Problem > Trafficking Terms Trafficking Terms The following list of key terms used in sex trafficking is published in Renting Lacy: A Story of America’s Prostituted Children by Linda Smith. To learn more, order your copy of Renting Lacy today. Automatic — A term denoting the victim’s “automatic” routine when her pimp is out of town, in jail, or otherwise not in direct contact with those he is prostituting. Victims are expected to comply with the rules and often do so out of fear of punishment or because they have been psychologically manipulated into a sense of loyalty or love. All money generated on “automatic” is turned over to the pimp. This money may be used to support his concession/phone account or to pay his bond if he’s in jail. Bottom — A female appointed by the trafficker/pimp to supervise the others and report rule violations. Operating as his “right hand,” the Bottom may help instruct victims, collect money, book hotel rooms, post ads, or inflict punishments on other girls. Branding — A tattoo or carving on a victim that indicates ownership by a trafficker/pimp/gang. Brothel (a/k/a Cathouse or Whorehouse) — These establishments may be apartments, houses, trailers, or any facility where sex is sold on the premises. It could be in a rural area or nice neighborhood. Most brothels have security measures to prevent attacks by other criminals or provide a warning if law enforcement are nearby. The security is two sided–to keep the women and children in, as well as robbers out. The places often are guarded (and open) 24 hours a day, but some have closing times in which the victims are locked in from the outside. Victims may be kept in this location for extended periods of time, or rotated to other locations every few days.  Caught A Case — A term that refers to when a pimp or victim has been arrested and charged with a crime. Choosing Up — The process by which a different pimp takes “ownership” of a victim. Victims are instructed to keep their eyes on the ground at all times. According to traditional pimping rules, when a victim makes eye contact with another pimp (accidentally or on purpose), she is choosing him to be her pimp. If the original pimp wants the victim back, he must pay a fee to the new pimp. When this occurs, he will force the victim to work harder to replace the money lost in transaction. (See Reckless Eyeballing) Circuit — A series of cities among which prostituted people are moved. One example would be the West Coast circuit of San Diego, Las Vegas, Portland, and the cities between. The term can also refer to a chain of states such as the “Minnesota pipeline” by which victims are moved through a series of locations from Minnesota to markets in New York. Daddy — The term a pimp will often require his victim to call him. Date — The exchange when prostitution takes place, or the activity of prostitution. A victim is said to be “with a date” or “dating.” Escort Service — An organization, operating chiefly via cell phone and the internet, which sends a victim to a buyer’s location (an “outcall”) or arranges for the buyer to come to a house or apartment (an “in-call”); this may be the workplace of a single woman or a small brothel. Some escort services are networked with others and can assemble large numbers of women for parties and conventions. Exit Fee — The money a pimp will demand from a victim who is thinking about trying to leave. It will be an exorbitant sum, to discourage her from leaving. Most pimps never let their victims leave freely. Family/Folks — The term used to describe the other individuals under the control of the same pimp. He plays the role of father (or “Daddy”) while the group fulfills the need for a “family.” Finesse Pimp/Romeo Pimp — One who prides himself on controlling others primarily through psychological manip­ulation. Although he may shower his victims with affection and gifts (especially during the recruitment phase), the threat of violence is always present. Gorilla (or Guerilla) Pimp — A pimp who controls his victims almost entirely through physical violence and force. “John” (a/k/a Buyer or “Trick”) — An individual who pays for or trades something of value for sexual acts. Kiddie Stroll – An area known for prostitution that features younger victims. Lot Lizard — Derogatory term for a person who is being prostituted at truck stops. Madam — An older woman who manages a brothel, escort service or other prostitution establishment. She may work alone or in collaboration with other traffickers. Out of Pocket —  The phrase describing when a victim is not under control of a pimp but working on a pimp-controlled track, leaving her vulnerable to threats, harassment, and violence in order to make her “choose” a pimp. This may also refer to a victim who is disobeying the pimp’s rules. Pimp Circle — When several pimps encircle a victim to intimidate through verbal and physical threats in order to discipline the victim or force her to choose up. Quota — A set amount of money that a trafficking victim must make each night before she can come “home.” Quotas are often set between $300 and $2000. If the victim returns without meeting the quota, she is typically beaten and sent back out on the street to earn the rest. Quotas vary according to geographic region, local events, etc. Reckless Eyeballing — A term which refers to the act of looking around instead of keeping your eyes on the ground. Eyeballing is against the rules and could lead an untrained victim to “choose up” by mistake. Renegade — A person involved in prostitution without a pimp. Seasoning — A combination of psychological manipulation, intimidation, gang rape, sodomy, beatings, deprivation of food or sleep, isolation from friends or family and other sources of support, and threatening or holding hostage of a victim’s children. Seasoning is designed to break down a victim’s resistance and ensure compliance. Squaring Up — Attempting to escape or exit prostitution.  Stable — A group of victims who are under the control of a single pimp. The Game/The Life — The subculture of prostitution, complete with rules, a hierarchy of authority, and language. Referring to the act of pimping as ‘the game’ gives the illusion that it can be a fun and easy way to make money, when the reality is much harsher. Women and girls will say they’ve been “in the life” if they’ve been involved in prostitution for a while. Track (a/k/a Stroll or Blade) — An area of town known for prostitution activity. This can be the area around a group of strip clubs and pornography stores, or a particular stretch of street. Trade Up/Trade Down — To move a victim like merchandise between pimps. A pimp may trade one girl for another or trade with some exchange of money. Trick — Committing an act of prostitution (verb), or the person buying it (noun). A victim is said to be “turning a trick” or “with a trick.” Turn Out — To be forced into prostitution (verb) or a person newly involved in prostitution (noun). Wifeys/Wife-in-Law/Sister Wife — What women and girls under the control of the same pimp call each other. (See Family/Folks and Stable.) Order Renting Lacy Learn more about child sex trafficking in America by ordering your copy of Renting Lacy: A Story of America’s Prostituted Children today! This riveting account exposes the dark underworld of the trafficking industry through the stories of those who live there. Order now! Why I Fight Sex Trafficking What Could I Do to Make a Difference? How our Culture normalizes Sexualization Finding Yourself in the Flow of Fighting Sex Trafficking Learn About Our Partners We provide hands-on support and funding to 12 local organizations in 5 countries to support the expansion of innovative restorative programs and expanded shelter options. Learn about our partners. Listen to the Story of Two Teens Tricked into Trafficking Brianna and Lacy team up to teach teens about the warning signs of trafficking. Watch now. Prevention: It Matters! Children: Victims Not Criminals A Southwest Washington Girl was Rescued and Given Her Name Back Knowledge is Powerful and Helpful: How Trauma Can Impact Interviews of DMST More Awareness News The News Creating a county-wide CSEC MDT: Flying the plane as we are building it… Attitude of Gratitude Prevention: It Matters! What is Justice Supposed to Look Like? Children: Victims Not Criminals More Posts from this Category Recent Posts Creating a county-wide CSEC MDT: Flying the plane as we are building it… Receive the latest news and stories Get Updates Donate 1-866-HER-LIFE Facebook Twitter VimeoInstagram Copyright © 2016 Shared Hope International | P.O. Box 65337 Vancouver, WA 98665 | Privacy Policy | Shared Hope is a 501(c)3 non-profit
1	Go Log In Sign Up entertainment tech lifestyle food health politics money sports interviews All Sections Careers WikiAnswers® Categories Health Sexual Health and Education Sexual Behaviors Sexting What would you like to do? Flag Share In Sexting What does greek means in escort service? What does greek means in escort service? SAVE CANCEL already exists. Would you like to merge this question into it? MERGE CANCEL already exists as an alternate of this question. Would you like to make it the primary and merge this question into it? MERGE CANCEL exists and is an alternate of . Merge this question into Split and merge into it SAVE CANCEL Edit Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. She's open to anal intercourse. She's open to anal intercourse. Minor edit? Save Cancel + 172 others found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Thanks for the feedback! Follow Kimiko Glenn Q&A Actress: Star of Netflix's "Orange is the New Black" How are you similar or different to Brook Soso? View Full Interview R32451 15,220 Contributions What does it mean when the service engine soon comes on for a 2000 ford escort zx2?   Answer   It means that the computer has detected a condition that needs to be addressed. Use an OBD2 code scanner to find out what code the computer has stored. Mo…st auto parts retailers can lend, rent or sell you a code scanner for your vehicle. Many of the auto parts retailers will even help you read it. 1 person found this useful What does WS mean in escort service? "Water Sports" -- peeing on each other 3 people found this useful Edit Share to: Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What is lfk in escort service ad? Light French Kissing 15 people found this useful Edit Share to: Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What is the meaning of escort? This all depends on the use of the word escort. An escort could be  someone who helps you from place to place assuring that you arrive  on time, or can be a female prostitut…e. 4 people found this useful Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What is a Redbone in escort service? Mixed. Normally a light skin African American woman. Originally associated with Louisiana women that are mixed with European, African and Native American. Todd Turner + 23 others found this useful Edit Share to: The question and answer are locked and cannot be edited. Rockyshah 21 Contributions What is an escort service? Generally, it is a cover for prostitution. An Escort Service is where you pay someone - either male or female - to be your companion. This service can be offered on an hourly… basis or over a short period of time. The companion can then accompany you to dinner, a corporate function, or just spend time with you in the privacy of your home or hotel. The companionship time does not necessarily include sexual services but the unwritten rule is that this is offered as part of your time together. People who use escort agencies should never provide money up front and never give out credit card or bank details. All of the above is correct, save the part about providing money up front. NO escort will share her time (or anything else) with you until you pay. Can you walk out of a store with a product without paying?? Nope. You might be concerned about getting ripped off, but imagine how much larger the risk the poor girl is taking. You pay up front for the service. As for credit card or bank details, that might depend on where you are. Many agencies here in Toronto carry credit/debit machines with them, or even accept online payments. There is always a review board of escort agencies, for any area in the world, for example: TERB here in Toronto. If you go with a large, well-reviewed agency, you are sure to not get ripped off. It's a business like any other, and it's a HUGE industry in fact. So, just like any other business, you can count on not getting ripped off, so long as you stick to reputable agencies. Yes, the above point is correct .. escort means pay money and possibly enjoy sex with male/female whatever you want for having fun.. Lashawndra Thomas + 79 others found this useful Rockyshah 21 Contributions What is gfe in escort service? It means "Girl Friend Experience" It basically means she will be friendly and not rush you, but mostly it means that she kisses and offers BBBJ, or bareback BJs. Rocky GFE …(girlfriend experience )escort service , means girls will do sex without condom and she will make you feel like girlfriend.. 26 people found this useful Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What does FK mean in escort service? French Kiss 101 people found this useful Edit Share to: Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What does no Greek Mean in the escort buiness? take it in the butt 63 people found this useful Edit Share to: Billyphoenix 11 Contributions How do you run an escort service? You apply to Craig's list. ^^ ummm hullo? They asked about running, not working for. You get into the industry and work in it first. Never been an escort? I wouldn't suggest… it. Running an agency requires you to be an advertiser, a booking agent, a dispatcher, a security guard, a salesman, and a counsellor. I work in the industry, as an escort, and I see all that the owner of my agency goes through, and help him with it often. Starting up, he had NO life for quite a while. He deals with missing drivers, annoying clients, prima Donna drama girls, drug problems on all ends, drama and safety issues, coordinating drivers, customer service, hiring, blah blah blah... And if you do not know 100% of all of that already, from experience, you canNOT do this. You are responsible for the health, safety, and financial stability of many people... And this industry is brutal in terms of the pain, craziness, and drama you need to deal with and squash. Not something you can just go out and "do." Sorry. 5 people found this useful Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What is PSE and GFE mean in Escort service ad? PSE= porn star experience GFE= girl friend experience 54 people found this useful Edit Share to: Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. When a escorts offer GE or Grifriend Experience what does she mean whit that what does she offer with that service? It means that they arent only providing the sexual aspect but the whole romanace and the connection that a girlfriend gives you. 2 people found this useful Edit Share to: Aidar24 163 Contributions Answered In American Cars What does escort mean?   To lead the person or other, to a direction. 4 people found this useful Edit Share to: Escorts 5 Contributions Answered In Literature & Language What is the meaning of an escort? Escort has 3 meanings: someone who acts as a bodyguarda person that provides companionship for a fee.a compact car built by Ford Motor Company 11 people found this useful Edit Share to: Paul2ryme 3,764 Contributions Answered In Uncategorized What does a full service escort do? A full service escort will do whatever you pay her for or if it's a man the same thing applies, but going to an escort service is expensive, better you save some money before …going there. 20 people found this useful Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In Uncategorized What type of services will an escort provide? An escort will provide you with companionship services, meaning if you need someone to escort you to an event, they will provide that service. Some escorts also provide extra …favors to their clients. 2 people found this useful Answered In Illegal Acts How-To How can I book escort services in KL? I want to book escort services in KL. Would  anybody help me to know the way to book the service? How can I  reveal the best agencies?  Edit Share to: Experts you should follow David Hodge Managing Editor of Guitar Noise Follow Mark Holtzman Associate Professor and Chair of the Department of Accounting & Taxation at Seton Hall University Follow Dawn Marcus Award-winning author of "10 Simple Solutions to Migraine" and "Effective Migraine Treatment in Pregnant and Lactating Women". Follow Jeannie Davide-Rivera Author of "Twirling Naked in the Streets and No One Noticed; Growing Up with Undiagnosed Autism" Follow Log in or Sign Up to follow. Answer these What if a oxygen atom gains two electrons to become an ion what is its charge? In: Science Answer it! Is cell division important for growth of a multi cellular organism? In: Biology Answer it! Can you eat cookies with braces? In: TV Shows and Series Answer it! How many years ago did the flying dinosaurs dotted the skies of the earth? In: Science Answer it! Categories Health Sexual Behaviors Sexual Health and Education Home New questions Recent site activity Random question Promoted questions Community forums Advanced search Top contributors Q&A categories © 2016 Answers About Contact Us Help Center Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Consumer Choice IP Issues Disclaimer Write Articles Directory Choose a video to embed Cancel Embed
1	Overview Find An Escort The Cost How To Call An Escort Prep For Your Escort How To Date Your Escort Never Get Busted By Cops About JJ JJ0 Comments How To Find An Escort Many people think that finding an escort and having sex with her is as easy as calling her, giving her the money, and then getting laid. But newbies who decide to find and date an escort realize there are some unanticipated pitfalls and landmines with escorts. Some of the things they start to realize: Your challenge with escorts is to avoid the pitfalls. I have the best answers and solutions. What if she is a cop? Can I get arrested? What if she robs me or her pimp beats me up? Why is she asking me for my employment information? Why do I get hung up on? When do I give her the money? When these thoughts start to enter your mind, you realize that the world of escorts is more complicated than you originally thought. Well, I’m here to demystify this world and help you find an escort who will satisfy your sexual fantasies and needs. There are five simple steps to dating an escort: Finding a good escort Preparing to call her Calling her Preparing for your date Dating her ***Btw, if you have a specific question or issue, email me at “jj@beginnerescortguide.com and I’ll try to answer it as soon as I can***   Step 1 – Find an escort who you are attracted to AND who is a good provider Finding the “RIGHT” escort for you at the outset is the most important step of the process This step is the most important in the process. Selecting a good escort will make the remaining steps a lot easier. Obviously, selecting a bad escort will make the following steps hell, and perhaps unrecoverable. Click here for an in-depth, detailed explanation on how to find an escort. But here are the basics. You must first look at where escorts advertise. The largest sites are: Backpage.com CityVibe.com Eros.com There could be smaller regional sites in your area (and they are good resources if they exist), but the larger sites are a good place to start. When looking at the postings, you’ll quickly find escorts who you are attracted to. But you also want to look out for possible scam escorts. Here are some warning signs to look for: If her picture is “too good to be true”, she probably is, but not always. Good research will reveal the truth. Studio pictures – this sometimes (not always) indicates that it could be a bait and switch, where the picture is not really her Multiple listings – if her listing exist in multiple cities, this could indicate a scam If you are still concerned about your selection, here is an advanced strategy for verifying if she is a good escort or not .   Step 2: Get prepared for your call I cannot stress this enough: the purpose of the call is to set your appointment, nothing else. A common newbie mistake is asking her questions about different sex acts during your phone call. This is a huge no-no. And if she is an undercover cop, you’re heading down an easy road of getting arrested. For the quick, professional advise on how to NEVER get arrested, click here.   Before calling the escort, you’ll want to get three things ready: Research Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment References   Research Proper research is essential not just to protect yourself and to get the woman you want, but also to secure a date with her too. Not being prepared will jeopardize your changes with her (and most escorts). Research as much as you can about your chosen woman. Most good escorts will have a website with general information and answers to commonly asked questions. With her ad, along with her website, you should find most of your questioned answered. If you want to take an advanced approach, check with review sites for reviews of her from your fellow hobbyists. There many review sites out there, but one specific site is better than the rest. Click here for a video on exactly how I used this review sites to find an escort.   Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment You should know the when and where of your preferred appointment, and a few alternate times if your first choice is not available. The more open your schedule is, the more likely it is that you’ll get an appointment. Also, time is one of the elements determines the cost of the appointment. The average date is 1 hour, although spending an evening with each other is typically very enjoyable with higher end escorts. The other two elements that determines cost is how beautiful she is and the “level of service” she provides. If you want more detailed knowledge, download my “Expected Cost Guide”. I also give a video explanation of the various cost of escort donation fees. Download it here.     References Being prepared to get verified is one of the key things to getting an appointment. But if you are a newbie with no references, this can be a challenge. But there are ways to overcome it. This is one that tends to throw off newbies. When an escort asks for references, they are looking for one (or two) of these three things: 1) two escorts that you’ve seen in past, 2) employment information, or 3) verification credentials. Obviously if you are a newbie, you will not have two escort references. That means you’re down to either employment information, or verification credentials. The reason why escorts will screen you is because they want to make sure you are not a serial killer or psycho. Verification is one method women will use to protect themselves. Click here for detailed advice on escort verification sites.   Step 3: Making the call Being calm, cool, confident, and collected is my #1 tip and strategy when calling an escort. When calling her, treat her like one of your buddies, but keep your call short. If you’d like to see a video on how a gentleman called an escort, click here. Calling an escort is where the rubber hits the road. Again, I cannot stress enough, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment, nothing else. If you’ve prepared yourself enough, this should be quite simple. Call her, get the appointment, and get off the phone. My best recommendation for this is to treat her as if she was one of your friends or buddies. Use a calm, casual, confident voice. Then get the appointment and get off the phone. Try to make the phone call reasonably short. Do not try to engage her into a conversation, and do not ask her questions that you should already know the answer to. Check out this video on how a gentleman called an escort. He did some things right, but also made some mistakes. Click here to watch the video. Two-Call System The two-call system applies to incall situations (you are going to her). Most escorts will not give you their exact location in your first phone call. Rather, they will give you an approximate location, like major cross streets. When you get close to their location, you call them again stating that you are arriving, and this is typically where they give you their exact location. Sometimes, it may be even a three-call system. In your second call, she may give you the hotel she is staying at, but she may not give you her room number until you actually arrive. Accept the information she gives you in the initial phone calls. Do not force her to give an exact location. Doing so could cause her to cancel the appointment. Remember, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment. In this video, I will show you how this gentleman called an escort. I will also share with you some mistakes he made so you can avoid them when calling an escort. Click here to watch the video.   Step 4: Prepare for your date Preparation is slightly different depending on whether your date with the escort is an incall or an outcall. Incall is less work than outcall because in outcall, you are the host. I will cover incall first.   Incall Preparation Fresh breath and a clean body is an absolute must! Brush your teeth, use mouthwash, and take a shower. Having good hygiene will get you maximum mileage with her! The most important thing you should do when preparing yourself for your date is to have great hygiene. Take a shower before you go to your date. Brush your teeth and use mouthwash. Smelling good and having fresh breath is not only considerate, but will also get you the most mileage from your escort, now and in the future. Next, make sure you have good directions and you know where you are going. Leave yourself plenty of time to get to your appointment. You will want to arrive 10-15 minutes early. Outcall Preparation Hygiene is still the most important. I covered it in the incall preparation, and it’s exactly the same here. However, also you are the host, so you’ll want to have a few things for your escort guest. First, tidy up the room, making sure it is clean and not cluttered. This should be no problem if you just checked in or if room service recently cleaned. Leave a fresh towel and toiletries for your escort guest, making sure these toiletries are unused and unopen. Lastly, offer some refreshments. You can go as fancy as you want, but simply having bottled water on ice is more than enough to be a good host.   Step 5: The date   The date is the easiest part. But there are two areas where newbies make mistakes. Never talk about the money. Never ever. Place the “donation” in a blank envelope and place it where she can easily see it. One of these areas is the donation. Place your donation for her in a blank envelope, and set it in an inconspicuous spot. The two best places are either the bathroom counter, or on top of a desk or dresser. Be sure to make it easy for the escort to spot. You do not want to hand the money to her directly! The reason for this is the money is intended as a donation for her time. Handing the money to her could legally interpreted as money in exchange for a sex act. Click here for more information on “is prostitution legal and is escorting legal?”. Now, on getting things started. The escort will know that you are nervous, so usually she will strip an article of clothing first. I suggest using the mirror technique. When she takes an article of clothing off, you take off that same article of clothing off. Soon you’ll find yourself having the time of your life, and next time, you won’t be a newbie any longer.   Conclusion I hope you got some great information from my article. The next step is to learn the most common mistakes most men make when finding, calling, and going on an appointment with an escort. Avoiding these mistakes will go a long way to your personal safety, your success, and your experience with an escort. You may have instant access to my “Avoid the 10 Mistakes Most Men Make with Escorts”. Click here to download it instantly. Good luck with your endeavor with escorts! It’s a great life to have the ability to spend time with beautiful women who really know how to treat a man. And if you have any questions that I may be able to help you with, email me at jj@beginnerescortguide.com.   Search for: Copyright © 2016 · BeginnerEscortGuide.com · All Rights Reserved - We take your privacy very seriously. Disclaimer: Results will vary, and you should not use this information as a substitute for help from a licensed professional. Good luck! By entering, you agree to our terms and conditions. By entering your email address you are also requesting and agreeing to subscribe to our email newsletter. You must be 18 or older to enter. You can read our FTC Disclosure Statement. If you need to contact support, please go to the Contact Us link below. Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us
1	Bluelight > Community > Sex, Love and Relationships > Escort services PDA View Full Version : Escort services Janja 04-03-2012, 01:55 Hi. You don't need to know my name but I am 24 and am still a virgin. I want to have sex with a women. I considering saving up and purchasing an escort to lose my virginity. I just have general questions on escort services and any information that you may have would be very helpful. Thank you. I don't want a strip dance or anything like that, I want to penetrate (with condom whatever) and the only requirement I have is a relatively clean-looking girl/women. I see a number of escort services listed for my area (NE USA) in my Yellow Pages book. When I call, how do I properly express a desire to "have sex" and not anything else, like a 'hot oil rub'? Is there a specific term I should use when I call that may be "coded" or "known only in the industry"? I really want to have sex so any help would be appreciated. I am a good looking man, but I am shy and don't want to try and find a girlfriend for the night in a bar or something, and I don't have a well paying job for a long term girlfriend at the moment. Again, any help is awesome. Thanks. :) TheLostBoys 04-03-2012, 05:31 You're better off going to a bar & getting a girl. Once you get a girl drinking & shes enjoying your company, you usually will get laid.......... If you wanna go the escort route, make sure you explain the person you call what you're looking for in a woman. Dont say anything on the phone about sex & how much money for certain sexual encounters. If you want step by step on what to do correctly, just google your question about escorts & you should get an answer..........remember, google is your friend. shahab6 04-03-2012, 09:06 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Janja 04-03-2012, 10:14 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. shahab6 04-03-2012, 21:12 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. no problem, keep us updated on your experience. i against i 04-03-2012, 21:34 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! BeachBum4u 06-03-2012, 01:49 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! DITTO! She'll most likely have you so turned on, you'll be done before you even get started with intercourse. For someone in your situation, it's just biologically "the way it is". I don't know what else to tell you but do try your best to enjoy it though. It doesn't get much better than new p*ssy!! Alex000 06-03-2012, 05:59 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. xstayfadedx 06-03-2012, 06:38 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? Anyways I think you shouldn't do it... Its just not worth it. You should wait until you find someone because what are you going to do when you want to have sex again? (I'm sure you will want to). Are you going to call up the escorts every time? Isn't it actually more nerve racking getting an escort than just a regular chick.... I don't know but think this through. shahab6 06-03-2012, 18:22 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. well his going to be practing until the right girl comes a long. Plus he mentioned he doesn't want to get a gf. Jonb 07-03-2012, 02:20 Remember you aren't paying for sex... You are paying her to leave. Nothing wrong with that IMO. J Alex007 07-03-2012, 02:29 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. billdeserthills 07-03-2012, 03:24 I can't believe all the negativity on here. You should do as you like, as you have no one to please save yourself. Not that I have ever paid for it, but millions of people have and nobody can say they were all wrong. augustaB 07-03-2012, 03:50 Gee, I lost my cherry to a hooker when I was just 17. She was nice really. It was just me that was stupid ;) Lots of escorts advertise in the classifieds. The younger ones charge more. A mature lady may well be more understanding. Please be polite when do your visit and please don't be drunk. Hookers hate having to deal with drunks. Agree your price and what you want before starting. Don't take more money than you can afford with you. Don't be shy and don't hide your body away. A working girl will have seen more men's bodies than you can imagine. As long as it's clean they don't mind too much. Be friendly but don't expect friendship. I had a period in my life that I visited lots of hookers. Some of them were nice, some of them indifferent. Everyone was different, so just be yourself. stardust.hero 07-03-2012, 03:55 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Amazing advice. The part about gaining confidence is really important. Goodluck Janja <3 axl blaze 07-03-2012, 07:25 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) shahab6 07-03-2012, 19:43 They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the . has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Also not doing something in fear of it going bad is no excuse in not doing something. Im sure a lot of us got bad drug product, but that didnt stop us from not ever doing it, we went to someone else. Thats the problem when things are illegal, if it was legal, like someplaces, you don't have to worry about that stuff. When things are illegal, it can create many problems for both parties. When its not regulated, bad things can happen to both side. LuGoJ 07-03-2012, 20:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. shahab6 07-03-2012, 21:25 Also if you found a good looking friendly nice one, You can call her again. so you don't have to keep looking again for another.. As other say they can scam you. But then again half the fun is looking for new one, and being with a new one. xstayfadedx 08-03-2012, 00:55 not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? billdeserthills 08-03-2012, 05:51 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? Sorry, I still don't get it PriestTheyCalledHim 08-03-2012, 06:18 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? I get it. In a lot of places paying for a prostitue is illegal. In other places it's completely legal. I don't know where the OP is from so for all I know prostitution could be completely legal in the country where he's from. I don't think it's the best thing to buy sex or even do sex for pay as your first time having sex with someone but everyone's different and while I've never done either some people have done one or the other and it's their choice. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:05 Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. The fact that you used the word hobbyist shows that you know what you are talking about. OP, forget every single thing that everyone has told u on this thread and focus on what LuGoJ just advised, " I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before even entertaining the idea." On those forums you will discover which agencies are legit and which aren't and which chicks are GFE and which are scams. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:15 has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Let's just say someone very very close to me runs a legitimate agency that assures GFE and client satisfaction. Every wealthy hobbyist from NYC, Boston, Vermont, etc comes to my Canadian city to hobby. If you know anything about the game you could easily guess which city that is. Many chicks are infamous for ditching their clients in the first 30 mins. Some will exploit you with " extra options", and since pussy is such a strong drug, they'll leave u with nothing. Some chicks will straight up tell u to go pay the receptionist, and by the time u get back the "receptionist" will disappear and the escort as well. Some will lie and tell their pimp or the driver that u tried to beat them up, and u know exactly what happens after that. Trust me it's a dirty game. DrunkardsDream 08-03-2012, 07:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. What is GFE? OP-Do you really want to lose your virginity to a hooker? If you do this use condoms but if the prostitute is any good they'll make you use condoms. Don't a lot of hookers use condoms when sucking dick? Do people give oral sex or rim jobs to female prostitutes or would someone actually want to do this? I know among bisexual and gay men that oral sex sometimes just giving or sometimes just getting is a staple and it's sex but many of us will do it to a BF/partner for hours at a time if we can. I'm not into rimming but I have friends who really enjoy it and love to get it or do it to someone. The only guys I've ever known who don't like getting oral sex or giving oral sex are men who are only into either getting or giving anal sex and that's mainly all they do when they have sex. I am OK with giving anal sex to a man but I want him to be a partner and we use condoms. I have dated men who all they wanted to do was anal sex and I found them to be very boring. I agree with XstayfadedX, the first time you have sex it might not be all that special but you're going to want to do it again with whoever it is and it could be that same night or pretty soon after that. I'm a gay man and while I have never paid for sex I have some older gay male friends who have and they're mainly only attracted to younger adult gay men and have trouble finding them in bars or on hook up sites, and some only do it once a year or a few times a year when they travel for business. Others have kinks or fetishes that their partner does not like to do or doesn't understand so they pay someone to do it for them like how some men pay a Dominatrix. Alex007 08-03-2012, 08:18 GFE means Girlfriend Experience. In GFE, the escort offers you services that are typical of a girlfriend; BBBJ (blowjob without a condom) LFK/DFK (light or deep french kissing) DATY(eating her pussy) and penetration with a condom. If the client is not getting these services even though he paid for GFE, he is getting fucked in the ass. Client can also opt for extras on top of the basic GFE services. This would include things like CIM( cumming in her mouth) GREEK(anal sex), etc. All of these will cost extra. However, some chicks might provide these services in the basic GFE package, which is a great offer especially if she is superrrrrrrr hot. And yes, some escorts rim guys and vice-versa. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
1	Welcome to ECCIE, become a part of the fastest growing escort review website. Take a minute & sign up! MEET4SEX Eros® Girls Escorts SUGAR BABIES AVAILABLE NOW MEET SEXY WIVES Free Porn Sites ESCORT CAMS REGISTER BROWSE SHOWCASES SEARCH PROVIDERS Go Premium ADVERTISE SEARCH M.ECCIE.NET Remember? I agree to ToS Welcome to ECCIE - Sign up today! Become a part of the fastest growing escort review community. We have something for you, whether youre a male member seeking out service providers or a new provider on the site looking to take advantage of our many advertising opportunities. Join today & take part in lively discussions, take advantage of all the great features that attract hundreds of new daily members! Sign UpGo Premium   ECCIE Worldwide > General Interest > Main Discussion Forum - National Hobby Acronyms Currently Active Users: 11989 (4289 members & 7682 guests) Main Discussion Forum - National General discussions pertaining to the hobby, but not limited to your local scene. (For staff assistance, contact your local moderator, or see the "Emails to the Staff" post in the Questions for the Staff forum in each city) Rabbit's Cams Eros® Girls Ashley Madison Ashley Madison Dating Supply HongKong Tijuana Reply Page 1 of 42 1 2 3 11 > Last »   Thread Tools 01-12-2010, 12:09 PM   #1 KohanaKoa Ambassador     Join Date: Jul 31, 2009 Location: Anywhere & Everywhere Posts: 4,029 Reviews: 84 Hobby Acronyms I have not seen a thread that lists all the Acronyms that pertain to the Hobby. I am always looking up these abbreviations when reading posts or reviews. So I thought I would post a list, which I had copied some time ago: $ $100 $$ $200 $$$ $300 $$$.5 $350 (get it?) AAMP Apartment Asian Massage Parlor. Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. AAMP Asian-American Massage Parlor. This is the politically correct acronym. AFF Adult Friend Finder (a popular USA dating website) AFF Asian Friend Finder (a popular Asian dating website) Agency A company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of providers. Aircon BBBJ + Hacks (the mints sweet). Scenario: When the maseuse ask,"want aircon?" n if yes, she pop one hacks sweet into her mouth and start blowing. Amazon A tall, strong, often masculine woman. AMP Asian Massage Parlor Analinus Anal Rimming (Oral stimulation of anus) Anal Rimming Oral stimulation of anus. Anti-Sex Pervert These are the "real" perverts, the people who are against the concept of healthy men engaging in sex with willing female partners. AR Anal Rimming (Oral stimulation of anus) Around the world Anilingus and Fellatio. Asian Refers to Anal Rimming Asian Cowgirl Girl on top, squatting. AR Ass Rim, Anal Rimming ASAP As Soon As Possible (not sex related) ASP Adult Service Provider ASP alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup ATF All Time Favorite ATM Ass To Mouth Aunt Flo Menstruation Babyback Petite, young, attractive Asian. Bait and Switch Person who shows up is a different one than advertised. Baja Sur Genitals. From the spanish "the low south". Balloons Breast implants. Bareback Without condom. Barracuda A professional prostitute who's only purpose is to separate you from your money as quickly as possible, preferably without giving you anything in return. Batin (Malaysia) Groin massage, but sometimes means Handjob. BBBJ Bare Back Blow Job (oral sex without condom) BBBJTC Bare Back Blow Job to Completion (oral sex to orgasm) BBBJTCWS Bare Back Blow Job to Completion with Swallowing BBBJWF Bare Back Blow Job With Facial BBFS Bare Back Full Service (sex) BBS Barber Shop BBW Big Beautiful Woman BCD Behind Closed Doors BDSM Bondage, Discipline, Sado-Masochism. Beret A condom. Beso Negro Anal Rimming BF Boy Friend BFA Big Fat Ass BFE Boy Friend Experience BGR Boy-Girl-Relationship Birdwatching BBBJTCWS BJ Blow Job (oral sex on a man) BL Body Lick Blackhole Anus BLS Ball Licking and Sucking Blue Pill Viagra Blue Steel Viagra Brown Shower Defecation on your partner. BS Body slide. Service where woman may slide her body on yours using oil. BS Body Scrub BSD Big Swinging Dick BSW Black Street Walker BTW By the Way Butterface Everything looks good, but her face Call Girl Outcall provider, usually implies agency. Cash and Dash ROB who takes the money and runs CBJ Covered Blow Job (oral sex with a condom) CC Roman Numeral for 200. Roman numerals sometimes used for fees. (Roman Numeral converter) CC Credit Card CC Rider Full service provider costing $200 or less. CCL Concentration Camp Look. CD Cross-dresser: transvestite, a person, and especially a male who adopts the dress and often the behavior typical of the opposite sex especially for purposes of emotional or sexual gratification. CDS Covered Doggy Style CFF Chinese Friend Finder (a popular dating website) CFM Come Fuck Me, usually refer to the look of a person. CFS Covered Full Service (sex with condom) CG Call Girls CG Casino Girls CG Club Girls CH Crazy Horse, SF Strip Club Cheong Hokkien word. Originally means Charge. Used as going out for some happening stuff. Chump A man who gives his money and/or his attention to women without getting any pussy in return. Largely a phenomenon experienced by American men when dating American women. Don't be a chump! CIM Cum in Mouth Civilian A woman who makes herself available for sexual encounters but not for financial gain. May be less discreet than a provider and more interested in a relationship. CIS Confederation of Independent States (former Soviet Republics) CKT Char Koay Teow (Local Chinese) CL Craigslist, a popular classified ad website where escorts have been known to advertise and otherwise promote their availability. Clockwatcher A term for a provider who counts the minutes until the session is over. CMD Carpet Matches Drapes (typically a natural blonde) CMP Chinese Massage Parlor CMT Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse. COB Cum on Breast COF Cum on Face Collar and Cuffs match Pubic hair matches natural hair-color (redheads, blondes) Commercial Company Prostitution Completion Orgasm. e.g. She gave a bareback blowjob to completion. Completo Spanish for "complete", usually meaning with or including anal sex. Cover Condom Covered Various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid diseases (as AIDS) transmitted by sexual contact. (e.g. Covered Blow Job means a condom was used.) CHHFS Covered Half Hour Full Service. Cowgirl CG, girl on top facing you. Craigslist A popular classified ad website where escorts have been known to advertise and otherwise promote their availability. Crime scene action Sexual activity during her period. Cruising Looking for prostitutes while driving. Cups of Coffee Releases Dance and Dash A rip-off. She shows up, takes your money, doesn't provide, might offer to "dance", and leaves. Date A session with a prostitute. Date A man who patronizes prostitutes. DATO Dining at the O, Anilingus, oral stimulation of the anus DATY Dining at the Y (Performing oral sex on a woman) DDE Doesn't Do Extras (PS only) DDF Drug and Disease Free DDG Drop Dead Gorgeous DDP Double Digit Penetration (pussy and anus) Deep Throat Fellatio where the whole length of the penis is "swallowed". Defender A poster who defends or "comes to the rescue" of a provider who has been reviewed poorly, regardless of whether the review is accurate. Delta Omega Gamma DOG. Deposit A provider requires an upfront payment in advance of a session. DFE Dead Fish Experience DFF Dead Fish Fuck DFK Deep French Kissing DIY Do It Yourself (masturbation) Doggie Man behind girl, girl on hands and knees. Doggie Style Man behind girl, girl on hands and knees. Donation Payment to a provider Doubles A threesome with two girls and you DP Double Penetration DP Digital penetration DR The Dominican Rebublic DS Doggy Style DSL Dick Sucking Lips DT Dining at the Toes DT Deep Throat ECR El Camino Real Ed Zachary disease A woman with an unattractive face. Ellie LE, Law Enforcement EMA Extra-Marital-Affairs. Affairs after marriage. EMP European Massage Parlor (white girls) English Spanking, etc. Enhancements Breast implants. Envelope Often cash payments for a provider are placed in an envelope. Rather than handing her cash directly, or discussing money, the envelope is left in a conspicuous location for the provider to pick up as she leaves (outcall), or after the hobbyist leaves (incall). EOM End Of Message Escort A woman who is paid for her companionship. Expats Persons living in countries other than their own citizenship. Generally refers to Americans or Europeans living in other countries. Face painting Man ejaculates on woman's face. Facial Cumming on partner's face FBSM Full Body Sensual Massage FFF Refers to the strategy of "Find them, Fuck them, Forget them" FIV Finger In Vagina Five-O A police officer (uniformed or undercover). FJ Foot job. Stimulation of the penis using feet and toes. FJ Fuck Job FK French Kiss, French Kissing FKK Frei Körper Kultur (German brothel / nudist club) FL Free Lance Flake, Flaky Errant behavior, often used for providers who no-show and/or have scheduling issues. FOB Fresh Off the Boat (Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US) FOBU Fat-Old-Bald-Ugly FOTC Fuck Of The Century FOV Finger Outside Vagina FR Field Report, Fuck Review French Oral sex on either party. French Kissing Kissing on mouth with tongue contact French Without Oral sex without condom FS Full Service (complete sex) Full meal deal Full Service, Vaginal intercourse to completion. Full Service Intercourse FUTB Finger Up The Butt< br> Get Comfortable Get completely naked. GDP Garota de Program (working girl, on the program) GF Girl Friend GFE Girl Friend Experience GF3 Girl Friend Experience w/all three holes Glove Condom GND Girl Next Door Golden Shower Urinating on your partner, urine play. Greek Anal sex GRO Guest Relations Officer (The Philippines) Generally refers to women in the employ of night clubs and similar establishments. A polite reference to working girls. GS Golden Shower (urination play) GSM G-Spot Massage GV Geschlechtsverkehr = Intercourse (in German) Half and Half Oral sex followed by intercourse. Hardwood Floors Clean shaven pussy. Hat Condom HC Health Center HC High Class HE Happy Ending Herb Friendly Is amenable to marijuana use. HHHJ Half Hearted Hand Job. Hidden Charges A provider takes the advertised fee upfront, but midway through the session she asks for more money for more services. (e.g. She might undress and give a massage for the advertised $$, but then ask for an additional $ for French, or $$ for FS, etc.) Hindu Massage (Argentina) The woman contracts her vaginal muscles during sex to squeeze you to completion. HJ Hand Job HM High Mileage HME Honeymoon Experience (lapdog heaven) Hobby, The patronizing of prostitutes. Hobbyist A man who patronizes prostitutes. Hooker Prostitute. Hostess Club A lower end strip club where bargaining for sex acts with the dancers is acceptable, and some activities may occur on premises. HR Hand Release (a hand job) HSW Hispanic Street Walker HTUMA Her Tongue Up My Ass = The famed rim job HWP Height and Weight Proportionate IMHO In My Humble/Honest Opinion Incall You meet the girl at their place. Independent, Indie An escort who works on her own, without an agency affiliation. The escort manages her own calls, bookings, advertising and finances. Interpreter Condom (e.g. She spoke French without the aid of an interpreter = BBBJ) IPO Initial public offering: used to denote the public introduction of a new provider, usually via a review. ISO In Search Of Italian Penis rubbing between butt cheeks. Jack Shack Refers to an establishment (massage parlor, lingerie modelling) that is not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and handjob, but more services might be available. Jimmy Hat A condom John A man who patronizes prostitutes. KTV Karaoke TV Lapdog Person who worships providers to excess. L/A/S Looks/Attitude/Service: A subjective ranking system. Each criteria separately ranked, from lowest (1) to highest (10). Examples: 2/9/8 = Unnattractive, but very friendly and good sex. 10/5/4 = Model material, but a poor attitude, and mediocre sex. Landing Strip Description of pubic hair LBFM Little Brown Fucking Machine LC Local Chinese LCN Latin Chica Network (The chica's mental telepathy network system, which is faster than any electronic network could ever be, although the data does experience major corruption issues during transmissions) LE Law Enforcement LEO Law Enforcement Officer LFK Light Face Kissing Little Blue Helper Viagra Little Blue Pill Viagra LK Light Kissing (closed mouth) LMP Licensed Massage Practitioner LOL Laugh Out Loud LOS Land of Smiles (refers to Thailand) Lot Lizards Prostitutes who operate out of truck stops or other trucker hangouts. LSB Lap Sup Bar (low class bar) LT Long Time (usually overnight) L1, L2, L3 UTR Slang for Handjob, blowjob, full service LTR Long Term Relationship Madame Proprietress of an agency. Mall, Escort Mall A website that advertises many different providers. The providers may be independent or agency, and may or may not be associated with each other, or with the mall. Mamasan Female manager of a massage parlor. Man in a boat, little man in a boat Clitoris MBR Multiple Bell Ringing (MSOG) Mediterranean Anal sex e.g. "She took me on a trip to the mediterranean." Merkin Pubic hair wig. MG Massage Girl MIB Man in blue, law enforcement officer. Mileage A subjective term that describes value for money and/or how accomodating she is. Good mileage usually means she either charges less than average, provides better L/A/S than average, or both. MILF Mother I'd Like to Fuck. Mish Missionary position, Man on top during intercourse Missionary Man on top, girl on back. MJ Massage Job ML Make Love ML Massage Lady MM Man made breasts MMF, MFM, MFF Threesome designations. e.g. MMF = male, male, female MFF = male, female, female. Mohawk A thin rectangular strip of pubic hair. Monger Short for W h o r e monger. One who frequents prostitutes. See urbandictionary.com MP Massage Parlor MP Multiple Pops (multiple releases) MPA Massage Parlor Attendant MSOG Multiple Shots on Goal (multiple releases) Multiple Pops She allows you to have more than 1 orgasm during the session (e.g. more than one or multiple pops allowed) Nasi Lemak A Local Malaysian (for Malaysia only) NCNS No call, no show for appointment Newbie A novice hobbyist or novice provider. NGO Non-Government Organization NGP Non Genuine Photos NL Nasi Lemak / a Local Malaysian (for Malaysia only) NMG No-Money Guys. Mongers who travel on a strict budget. Nooner A lunch-time or afternoon session, popular with married hobbyists. No-Show Escort or Client never shows up for an appointment, does not contact in advance to cancel or warn. No-Touch No touching allowed. (e.g. No-touch Jack shack, no-touch strip club) NQBC Non-quitter, but covered. CBJ to completion. NQBS Non-quitter, but spitter. BBBJTC and spits your ejaculate. NQNS Non-quitter, non-spitter. BBBJTC and swallows your ejaculate. NSA No Strings Attached. O, Os Orgasm, orgasms. Off-the-clock Activities that occur with a provider that she chooses not to charge for. (e.g. "We had lunch off-the-clock") OKP Or-Kui-Poh - It means a Female pimp in Hokkien, a Chinese dialect, but sometimes people use OKP/OKT to describe a supervisory person who will guide you in your selection of girls in a spa. OKT Or-Kui-Tao - It means a Male pimp in Hokkien, a Chinese dialect, but sometimes people use OKP/OKT to describe a supervisory person who will guide you in your selection of girls in a spa. OMFIAMP One Man's Food Is Another Man's Posion, (pronounced "Ohm-Fam") ONS One NightStand OTOH On the Other Hand Outcall The girl comes to your place. Out, Outed Private, personal information on a hobbyist or provider is made public. e.g. Someone's real name and address is posted to a public forum. OV Oralverkehr = Oral Sex (in German) OVN Overnight OWO Oral WithOut a condom OWOTC Oral Without Condom To Completion P4P Pay for Play. Refers to the concept of paying for sex. Papasan Male manager of a massage parlor. Papaya Farm Mook Kua Yuen (Cantonese) means ***** House Party Hat Condom PCC Pak Chiu Cheng, directly translated it means "Fire hand gun", a hokkien term for masturbation PDMM Pei Du Ma Ma, PRC study mama. Mothers from Commie China that are in Singapore to supposedly look after their Children who are studying in the country. However, many of them provide sexual services to earn some money on the side. Pearl Necklace Man ejaculates on woman's neck and/or chest PFF Pussy For Free (A non-existant fantasy) Pimp A man who solicits clients for a prostitute. Pinay a Philippine Girl. PIV Penis in Vagina PL Pathetic Loser PM Private Message sent via the Forum's Private Message service. PO Phone Operator POF Plenty of Fish Pooner A hobbyist who is immersed in the hobby culture. e.g. He may be very involved with the review boards and/or private exchange of information on providers and the hobby. Pops, multiple She allows you to have more than 1 orgasm during the session (e.g. more than one or multiple pops allowed) POS Pussy on the Side PRC Women from the People's Republic of China Provider Prostitute PS Private Show (Dance) PSE Porn Star Experience Punter British slang for a man who engages in sex with prostitutes. PV Private Viewing (Dance) PW Pussy Wipped (A guy controlled by a girl because she gives him sex) R & T Rub and Tug (a massage followed by a hand job) RA Relaxation Assistant Raincoat Condom RAW Sex without condom RCA Reverse Cowgirl Anal REQ Request - Used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains a request for information. REV Review - Used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains review of a provider. Reverse Cowgirl Girl on top facing away. Reverse Half and Half Intercourse followed by oral sex to completion. Reverse Massage You massage her. Review A critical evaluation of a provider. May include information on her looks, attitude and service. Reverse Oral The client performs oral sex on the provider. Rimming Analingus RLD Red Light District RMP Russian Massage Parlor ROB Rip Off B i t c h ROFLMAO Rolling On (the) Floor Laughing My Ass Off! Roman An orgy situation. Roman Shower Vomit play. RTF Return To Fuck RTFF Read the Fucking Forum Russian Penis between Russian In Australia: Short sex session, aka a "Quickie" Safe Sexual activity in which various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid disease (as AIDS) transmitted by sexual contact. e.g. All activities were safe. San Juan Capistrano BBBJTC and she swallows. Sandbag, Sandbagger A subjective term for a review (or reviewer) that misleads the reader by giving unwarranted praise to a provider. Sans Without. e.g. She provided french sans beret = BBBJ SC Strip Club Scat Defecation on your partner or feces play. Screening A provider or agency does a pre-session background check on a new client. Self-post A provider or agency poses as a hobbyist, and posts a highly positive review of herself or agency to increase business. Self-Service Masturbation. e.g. "It was a self-service jack shack" = no contact with the dancer, but the man can masturbate. Sensual Massage Not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and handjob, but more services might be available. Session Paid time spent with a provider. Sex Worker Catch all phrase sometimes used to describe prostitutes. May also be used in the context of strippers, peep show workers, topless waitresses. SFH Sex for hire. SG Street Girls Shemale Transexual, particularly one who is living as a woman, but hasn't had SRS. Penis may or may not get erect. Shill An insider posing as a satisfied customer. Shill A hobbyist who writes unwarranted positive reviews in exchange for discounts or special favors from an agency or provider. Shots on goalShot On Goal (one release) Sixty Nine, 69 Partners perform oral sex on each other simultaeneously. Slam, Slammed An unwarranted harsh review or abusive criticism of a provider. SO Significant Other SOF Shit on Floor SOG Shot On Goal (one release) SOP Stantard Operating Procedure Soixante neuf 69: Partners perform oral sex on each other simultaeneously. SOMF Sat On My Face SOP Standard Operating Procedure South of the Border Gential Region Southern France BBBJ SP Service Provider Spanish ATM[/b][/blue] Ass to Mouth Spanish In Australia: Penis between breasts Spinner Very petite, thin girl. Squirting, Squirter Female ejaculation, a provider who ejaculates SRSky River (for Malaysia only) SRS Sexual reassignment surgery ST Short Time STD Sexually Transmitted Disease Sting A female police officer poses as a prostitute to apprehend unsuspecting johns, or a male police officer poses as a john to apprehend unsuspecting prostitutes. STR Short Term Relationship Street action Prostitution that is solicited on public streets. Prostitutes (usually on foot) are picked up by Johns in motor vehicles. Sexual acts may occur in the vehicle, or at another agreed upon location. Stroll Path frequented by street walkers. Summer Teeth Her teeth, some are there, some are not. Sunshine, Sunny Without a condom (i.e. No raincoat) SW Street Walker SW Sex Worker Sybian A mechanical sex device that is in the shape of half-barrel with a dildo attachment mounted in the middle SYT Sweet Young Thing Take care of business Payment is made to provider. e.g. "She wanted to take care of business first" TAMP Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor TCSS Talk Cock Sing Song Teabag Man squats and dips balls in partner's mouth. TG Transgender TGTBT Too Good To Be True Throne Job Self-service hand job. Refers to an establishment that doesn't offer FS. The premises will only have a large chair or "throne" for you to sit on and masturbate while the woman dances for you. Tipping required Hidden charges, provider demands more than the advertised price in order to perform, or bargains hard for various services. TJ Tijuana TLN Toda La Noche ("All the Night" in Spanish) TOFTT Take one for the team. In reference to a new, non-reviewed provider. Took one for the team A hobbyist reviews a provider who has no (or scattered) reviews. He was ripped off, or his experience was very poor. Ostensibly, he has helped save other members of the community (the team) from making the same mistake. TOS Take Out Service Tossing Salad analingus TP Tanning Parlor or Tanning Place Translation, translator Condom i.e. "She spoke fluent french without a translator" = BBBJ Tri-F A devotee to the "Find them, Fuck them, Forget them" strategy Trick A sex act for money. Trick A man who patronizes prostitutes. Troll Rude and hideous person Trolling Posting thinly disguised ads in a discussion forum. Trolling The act of driving around looking for a prostitute. TS Table Shower TS Transexual TTA Tight Tan Ass Tuft Description of pubic hair. TUMA Tongue Up My Ass Turn tricks Prostitution TV Transvestite TVSW Transvestite Street Walker Two Call System For incall locations. Your first call is to set up the time and get the general directions on where to park. Your second call is made when you arrive to get the specific address / room number. Umbrella Condom. Uncovered Without a condom. UTR Under The Radar VFM Value For Money. WAH From Wahei: peaceful, harmonious and calm (Japanese) WAH Wild Ass Humping Water Sports Urination play. Weeklies Alternative weekly newspapers. These often contain various adult service listings, including massage and escort advertisements. e.g. The Village Voice, San Francisco Bay Guardian, The Stranger. WF Wild Fuck WG Working girl. A prostitute. WK White Knight A poster who defends or "comes to the rescue" of a provider who has been reviewed poorly, regardless of whether the review is accurate. Whor*monger One who habitually patronizes prostitutes. See urbandictionary.com With With condom (e.g. French with = CBJ) Without Without condom. (e.g. French without = BBBJ) WIR Would I Repeat, Would I Return, Would I Recommend WL Working Lady WOA Word of Advice Working girl A prostitute. WSW White Street Walker WTF What the Fuck? XOXO Kisses & Hugs YMMV Your Mileage May Vary (you could get different results) YMMV Girl A provider who is known for being inconsistent in her attitude and service. i.e. Gets hot and cold reviews. 1/2 and 1/2 Half and half, oral sex + full service 411 Seeking information. 420 4:20 AKA marijuana 69 Two people giving each other oral sex at the same time.   Quote | 86 users liked this post KohanaKoa View Public Profile Find More Posts by KohanaKoa 01-12-2010, 12:09 PM   #2 KohanaKoa Ambassador     Join Date: Jul 31, 2009 Location: Anywhere & Everywhere Posts: 4,029 Reviews: 84 Please add on if I missed anything...   Quote | 5 users liked this post KohanaKoa View Public Profile Find More Posts by KohanaKoa 01-12-2010, 12:16 PM   #3 nebtex1 Valued Poster     Join Date: Jan 1, 2010 Location: Houston, TX Posts: 197 Reviews: 8 I've seen one recently that isn't on your list, but I haven't guessed it's meaning: UTR ? ... anyone.   Quote | 3 users liked this post nebtex1 View Public Profile Find More Posts by nebtex1 01-12-2010, 12:19 PM   #4 KohanaKoa Ambassador     Join Date: Jul 31, 2009 Location: Anywhere & Everywhere Posts: 4,029 Reviews: 84 Ahhh, under the radar... added   Quote | 3 users liked this post KohanaKoa View Public Profile Find More Posts by KohanaKoa 01-12-2010, 12:53 PM   #5 nebtex1 Valued Poster     Join Date: Jan 1, 2010 Location: Houston, TX Posts: 197 Reviews: 8 Thanks ... I was just read "The elusive E in GFE" thread ... and ran into 2 more not on your list: TCB SKF I'm not 100% sure they were hobby abbreviations.   Quote | 4 users liked this post nebtex1 View Public Profile Find More Posts by nebtex1 01-12-2010, 01:00 PM   #6 npita Lifetime Premium Access   Join Date: Apr 17, 2009 Location: dallas Posts: 607 Another one you are missing is TOAS: Tits On A Stick. Refers to a very thin woman with large breasteses. That one was very hard for me to find although it seems to be used frequently. __________________ History is never made by well behaved women.   Quote | 2 users liked this post npita View Public Profile Find More Posts by npita 01-12-2010, 01:45 PM   #7 Happy Diver Lifetime Premium Access     Join Date: Jan 5, 2010 Location: Southern Hill Country Posts: 700 Reviews: 4 "breasteses" I like that and I will use it often... __________________ The cure for anything is salt water: sweat, tears or the sea.--Isak Dinesen   Quote | 2 users liked this post Happy Diver View Public Profile Find More Posts by Happy Diver 01-12-2010, 02:24 PM   #8 johnnybax Ambassador     Join Date: Jan 4, 2010 Posts: 13,061 This needs togo in the archives here. That is one comprehensive list!   Quote | 4 users liked this post johnnybax View Public Profile Find More Posts by johnnybax 01-12-2010, 03:05 PM   #9 cash69x Account Disabled   Join Date: Dec 3, 2009 Location: tx Posts: 755 Reviews: 6 L1 L2 L3 L4 ect.. never have understood exactly   Quote | 3 users liked this post cash69x View Public Profile Find More Posts by cash69x 01-12-2010, 04:02 PM   #10 AshleyAshton Verified Provider     User ID: 4353 Join Date: Jan 1, 2010 Location: El Paso/Las Cruces My Showcase My Showcase My ShowCase - Texas - West Posts: 1,144 My ECCIE Reviews I agree with Johnnybax..this list def worthy of a sticky. Very informative for those not in the know and new fyi's to some of us __________________ www.ashleyashton.escortfiles.c om 9174262190 El Paso and Las Cruces full time https://www.preferred411.com/P16160 Prebooking duos with Uber sexy porn vixen Tatiana Stone July 12-15 Albuquerque and Santa Fe   Quote | 3 users liked this post AshleyAshton View Public Profile Visit AshleyAshton's homepage! Find More Posts by AshleyAshton 01-12-2010, 06:10 PM   #11 Guest060812 Account Disabled   Join Date: Nov 20, 2009 Posts: 617 Reviews: 22 Quote: Originally Posted by KohanaKoa Please add on if I missed anything... Great list. Thanks KK!   Quote | 2 users liked this post Guest060812 View Public Profile Find More Posts by Guest060812 01-13-2010, 07:52 AM   #12 nikkie4u Registered Member     User ID: 7588 Join Date: Jan 11, 2010 Location: Houston, Texas Posts: 474 My ECCIE Reviews I have yet to find such a list! Thank You for all the good info!!!! __________________ Yellow Rose Of Texas We have a safe an secure and most importantly a discreet screening process that provides safety and convenience for all. I am here to ensure your privacy, safety, and your ability to always contact us. This convenience allows us to have optimum attention on you upon your arrival. Affectionately, Nikki http://www.yellow-roseoftexas.com yellowroseinfo@gmail.com Twitter: @YellowRoseGirls 469-777-6090 http://www.yellow-roseoftexas.com/im.../yr_468x60.gif   Quote | 3 users liked this post nikkie4u View Public Profile Visit nikkie4u's homepage! Find More Posts by nikkie4u 01-13-2010, 08:19 AM   #13 Guest030610 Account Disabled   Join Date: Dec 18, 2009 Location: SAT Posts: 320 Reviews: 7 Quote: Originally Posted by nebtex1 Thanks ... I was just read "The elusive E in GFE" thread ... and ran into 2 more not on your list: TCB SKF I'm not 100% sure they were hobby abbreviations. I believe TCB is Telephone Call Back (at least that's what I think it is) SKF if it came from this thread [ame="http://www.eccie.net/showthread.php?t=8522"]The elusive "E" in GFE - ECCIE - Your source for escort reviews[/ame] is the name of the original poster SofaKingFun   Quote | 2 users liked this post Guest030610 View Public Profile Find More Posts by Guest030610 01-13-2010, 09:03 PM   #14 Fast Gunn Valued Poster     Join Date: Jan 7, 2010 Location: two steps ahead of the posse. Posts: 5,356 Reviews: 31 Comprehensive List Thanks, KohanaKoa, that is a very comprehensive list of hobby acronyms and I'm glad someone finally posted one on this board, however there are a couple of items missing that are often used in reviews. NE - Northern Exploration, she allows you to fondle her breasts. SE - Southern Exploration, she permits you to caress her butt & snatch. __________________ Regards, Fast Gunn ---------------------- It's not the bullet with your name on it that you need to worry about; it's the thousand others addressed: . . . To whom it may concern!   Quote | 7 users liked this post Fast Gunn View Public Profile Find More Posts by Fast Gunn 01-14-2010, 01:33 PM   #15 trvlfrg93 Registered Member     Join Date: Jan 7, 2010 Location: Ft. Worth Posts: 18 Reviews: 4 Any more insight to L1, L2 etc. Have been wracking my brain trying to figure these out. Thx.   Quote | 5 users liked this post trvlfrg93 View Public Profile Find More Posts by trvlfrg93 Reply Page 1 of 42 1 2 3 11 > Last » « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Similar Threads Thread Thread Starter Forum Replies Last Post Other Hobby Sites Epi Member Suggestions and Forum Requests 698 05-31-2016 10:56 PM Is it the Hobby or the Sex? JuxJonny Coed Discussions - Dallas 20 01-16-2011 01:01 PM Hobby Phone Iluvnylons Coed Discussions - Houston 35 01-23-2010 01:30 PM New to this Board..but not the Hobby leglover05 Welcome New Members! 0 01-03-2010 11:55 AM how do i find out what the acronyms mean ironhorse Technical Questions 2 10-04-2009 03:14 AM Main Menu >>REGISTER NOW!<< Forums Forum Guidelines Mobile Version of ECCIE Worldwide - M.ECCIE.NET Premium Access Advertising Terms of Use Contact Us OpenAdultDirectory I found Fuck buddy! Megan Hungary Baltimore Escorts EROS - Premium Escorts SelfieSwap SextSite SextingMessenger TheSextApp SwappingSelfies HotLocalGirlsOnline ESCORT GALLERIES Worldwide Miami Escorts New ShowCases Top Posters DallasRain 49340 pyramider 37408 gman44 34924 Yssup Rider 31311 Chica Chaser 29569 Mokoa 28492 offshoredrilling 28240 CuteOldGuy 28061 i'va biggen 27502 Mojojo 27348 LexusLover 26162 WTF 24616 dearhunter 23871 Wakeup 22226 I B Hankering 21088 Top Reviewers daaaaaman 431 MoneyManMatt 341 Jon Bon 271 cockalatte 269 Harley Diablo 248 Russ Tworthy 232 silverstate53 213 janan 777 202 mriley000 202 dominos 201 Cityjazz 200 nicemusic 198 Hawkeye9 195 professoreccie 191 MARTlAN 180 Sex Dating Fuck2Nite Preferred411 Powered by vBadvanced CMPS v3.2.2 Powered by vBulletin® Copyright © 2009 - 2016, ECCIE Worldwide, All Rights Reserved -- ECCIE HD ---- ECCIE HD Red ---- ECCIE HD Grape ---- ECCIE HD Black ---- ECCIE HD Green Terms of Service - Forum Guidelines - Top
1	Do you have adblock enabled?   Don't Like Ads? Try BareFark Real news. Real funny. Report Real news. Real funny. How To Fark Log In  |  Sign Up » Login Password Forgot password? X Fark TotalFark myFark About/FArQ Contests Store Contact Us Mobile Search: Password Login Turn on javascript (or enable it for Fark) for a better user experience. If you can read this, either the style sheet didn't load or you have an older browser that doesn't support style sheets. Try clearing your browser cache and refreshing the page. Main Sports Business Geek Entertainment Politics Video FarkUs   Need a handy glossary for escort service terms like 'CBJ' or 'DFK'? Well, the Department of Justice is here to help   (thesmokinggun.com ) 172     More: Amusing   •       •       • 44308 clicks; posted to Main » on 27 Mar 2008 at 7:31 PM (8 years ago)   |   Favorite    |   share:    more» Share this link: URL: http://fark.com/go/3497591 Bookmark: URL: http://fark.com/3497591 Bookmark: Article Comments close 172 Comments     (+0 ») Paginated (50/page) Single page Single page, reversed Normal view Change images to links Show raw HTML   Oldest | « | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | » | Newest | Show all   kennedy311 2008-03-27 04:25:41 PM   That was equally amusing and awkward. And DFK was not what I thought it might be...   ChubbyTiger 2008-03-27 04:33:21 PM   I'd love to see the jury try to keep straight faces during this explanation.   lunchinlewis 2008-03-27 04:34:55 PM   PSE - Porn star experience. That is....vague?   Slugs_of_a_banana_nature 2008-03-27 04:41:11 PM   The form is riddled with grammar errors too... I suppose whoever wrote it was so distracted by the sex that they forgot how to write a court document properly. Tisk tisk.   Angry Drunk Bureaucrat 2008-03-27 04:43:12 PM   lunchinlewis: PSE - Porn star experience. That is....vague? I have visions of a can of corn.   Arthur Jumbles 2008-03-27 04:43:31 PM   lunchinlewis: PSE - Porn star experience. That is....vague? That's when Ron Jeremy jumps out of the closet and assists. /Not that I speak from personal experience...   Visualingo 2008-03-27 04:46:43 PM   I used to work for an online escort directory, so I'm really getting a kick out of these replies... That said, we used to have the same lists on hand to make sure these girls weren't trying to sneak things we didn't allow them to say into their ads. It's funny, after working there you never see "all-inclusive" and "full service" ever the same way again. Driving by laundromats and car washes were never so much fun.   turtlissa 2008-03-27 05:05:08 PM   lunchinlewis: PSE - Porn star experience. That is....vague? I think that means you get quality faking included in the base price.   jimmyego 2008-03-27 05:11:18 PM   Glad they explained what a "tip" is, probably a real head-scratcher at the DoJ.   lunchinlewis 2008-03-27 05:27:13 PM   Angry Drunk Bureaucrat: I have visions of a can of corn. I can think of all kinds of great things I have heard about in porn. Wow, sign me up for that! /sure some farker will be in here to explain it based on experience   the_be_sharps 2008-03-27 05:32:14 PM   "What's a 'Z-Jay'?" "If you have to ask, you can't afford it."   the_be_sharps 2008-03-27 05:35:23 PM   Arthur Jumbles: That's when Ron Jeremy jumps out of the closet and assists. *GASP!* JIZZ MASTER ZERO!?!?   clancifer 2008-03-27 05:39:20 PM   That's a great glossary, but how many roses will it cost me?   CheddarPants 2008-03-27 05:53:12 PM   Your tax dollars at work.   Diogenes 2008-03-27 05:53:13 PM   "But honey...I'm not and cheater. I'm a hobbyist!"   Adman12 2008-03-27 06:37:49 PM   "I'd like to order a full-service, reverse cowgirl bareback, with extra cheese, dipping sauce, and unlimited attempts..."   Fluff Girl 2008-03-27 06:43:21 PM   GFE -- Who would pay $1500 per hour to have some chick come over and talk about her cat and biatch about him leaving the toilet seat up? Kinky.   Retardo Montalban 2008-03-27 06:43:37 PM   Can't believe that nobody has mentioned MyRedbook. (new window) Bay Area Farkers only need apply.   SusanIvanova 2008-03-27 06:48:05 PM   Fluff Girl: GFE -- Who would pay $1500 per hour to have some chick come over and talk about her cat and biatch about him leaving the toilet seat up? Kinky. Some people are really really really really lonely.   QU!RK1019 2008-03-27 06:49:04 PM   Fluff Girl: GFE -- Who would pay $1500 per hour to have some chick come over and talk about her cat and biatch about him leaving the toilet seat up? Kinky. Maybe it's for those who've had enough of the Porn Star Experience, and would like some banal sex?   Fluff Girl 2008-03-27 06:53:24 PM   QU!RK1019: Maybe it's for those who've had enough of the Porn Star Experience, and would like some banal sex?   Peaceboy 2008-03-27 07:22:34 PM   lunchinlewis: PSE - Porn star experience. That is....vague? I'd avoid it... you have to wait a few weeks until your implant scars heal and the soreness goes away. /won't be asking for that again   Fluff Girl 2008-03-27 07:28:25 PM   Peaceboy: I thought you showed up at the door dressed as a pizza guy and then had sex with your socks and wristwatch on.   The Southern Dandy 2008-03-27 07:36:09 PM   Head, Oral sex Who knew?   SnakeLee 2008-03-27 07:36:20 PM   DWTUSG   redoctober65   2008-03-27 07:37:05 PM   I'll have a KFC with a PB&J and BBQ please   Software2 2008-03-27 07:37:36 PM   Probably not what they had in mind. But it's pursday, and that means it's far too long until caturday.   medius 2008-03-27 07:38:24 PM   Cover me! I'm going in!   medius 2008-03-27 07:39:54 PM   lunchinlewis: PSE - Porn star experience. That is....vague? blowjob, oral and digital vaginal stimulation, missionary, cowgirl, doggy, facial not that I've ever watched porn . . .   40oz_A_Knight 2008-03-27 07:41:03 PM   Even the DoJ calls out fat chicks.   Vigorous_Apathy 2008-03-27 07:42:28 PM   I didn't see UFIA anywhere on that list.   kibbled 2008-03-27 07:42:46 PM   I hope they also explain the following terms BBJ Russian English World Traveler Open Minded Incall Functional   Ditto 2008-03-27 07:43:16 PM   No "around the world"? "All Inclusive" sounds a little restrictive.   Accolade 2008-03-27 07:43:34 PM   "Greek" made me laugh out loud. At least they know their history!   LondonerDan 2008-03-27 07:44:52 PM   lunchinlewis: PSE - Porn star experience. That is....vague? It means the session may include different positions, anal and/or deep kissing.   MiamiChef 2008-03-27 07:46:36 PM   I didn't see "Dirty Sanchez" on the list?!?   Nuuu 2008-03-27 07:47:22 PM   At first I thought "huh, these all sound like acronyms you'd see on a craigslist personals page." . . . Then I realized, it's craigslist.   LondonerDan 2008-03-27 07:47:27 PM   kibbled: I hope they also explain the following terms BBJ Russian English World Traveler Open Minded Incall Functional BBJ - bareback blowjob Russian - between the breasts penis stimulation Incall - session's at the escort's room   Accolade 2008-03-27 07:48:07 PM   LondonerDan: Russian - between the breasts penis stimulation What's the link here?   I_Can't_Believe_it's_not_Boutros 2008-03-27 07:49:02 PM   the_be_sharps: "What's a 'Z-Jay'?" Thirty dollars, same as in town.   muck4doo 2008-03-27 07:49:37 PM   Who would want to "DFK" a prostitute, especially late in her work day? There are really people paying for that? *shudders*   ThirdGenerationImbecile 2008-03-27 07:50:21 PM   Accolade: "Greek" made me laugh out loud. At least they know their history! In an effort to get more people to join, members of sororities and fraternities here regularly wear t-shirts that say "Go Greek!" I thought getting tenure would give me the courage to go up to one of the kids and say, "Are you advertising to everyone that you take it in the ass?" ...apparently not....   m3ganosh 2008-03-27 07:51:07 PM   Adman12: "I'd like to order a full-service, reverse cowgirl bareback, with extra cheese, dipping sauce, and unlimited attempts..." that was golden gold right there   CplKhaos 2008-03-27 07:51:26 PM   What no Hot Carl? What about a Cleveland Steamer? I dont think these high dollar girls are worth it.   madgordy 2008-03-27 07:51:39 PM   what about bbjtccim? Bird watching? hwp hard wood floors Pergo landing strip Asian cc rider didn't see any of those on the list.   StillH2O 2008-03-27 07:52:17 PM   The majority of these were obvious to me, and I've never been with a prostitute. Either I've led a more eventful life than most or this is a very romeroesque "report".   Accolade 2008-03-27 07:52:43 PM   StillH2O: The majority of these were obvious to me, and I've never been with a prostitute. Either I've led a more eventful life than most or this is a very romeroesque "report". I think some might just call you observant.   Ron_Mexico 2008-03-27 07:53:01 PM   lunchinlewis: PSE - Porn star experience. That is....vague? DVDA?   Nick Nostril 2008-03-27 07:54:19 PM   No "rusty trombone", "Alabama hot pocket", or "Bulgarian gasmask"? /the list is quite incomplete   AesopRock_00 2008-03-27 07:55:21 PM   Barry Badrinath: It's $10 for a BJ, $12 for an HJ, $15 for a ZJ... Landfill: [Interrupting] What's a ZJ? Barry Badrinath: If you have to ask, you can't afford it. Steve "Fink" Finklestein: [Trying to persuade Landfill] I've got $4.   Displayed 50 of 172 comments Oldest | « | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | » | Newest | Show all Redisplay/refresh comments This thread is archived, and closed to new comments. Submit a Link » Advertisement Report Advertise on Fark   Like Fark! +1 Fark!  Follow @Fark On Twitter Follow Fark On Pinterest TotalFark signup BareFark signup Top Links Top Comments Top Submitters Top Individual Comments Press/Publicity Top Sources/Topics Headlines of the Week All Latest Fark Forum Link Voting Sports Forum Fark Blogs Geek Forum Fark Book Entertainment Forum Fark Travel Guide Politics Forum Fark Parties Fark Party Forum Fark Chat Photoshop Forum PS/Photo Browser Farktography Forum Fark Weekly Quiz Report Stories from our partner sites: Don't Worry, Guys: This Ikea Stool Pr... British Pub Wants Its Ghost Back A Sneak Peek At 60-Year-Old Dominatri... A Pumpkin Spice Latte Highlighter Exi... More news at HuffPostWeirdNews » NFL Player Finds Gross Surprise in Hi... Trump 'Sorry' for Basically Endorsing... Bob Marley's Son Is Growing Pot in a... Comcast Is About to Cap Internet Usag... More news at Newser » In Other Media News from e-generator.net Links are submitted by members of the Fark community. When community members submit a link, they also write a custom headline for the story. Other Farkers comment on the links. This is the number of comments. Click here to read them. You need to create an account to submit links or post comments. Click here to submit a link. Also on Fark Main Cop arrested for pleasuring himself in public was also drafted in the 10th round of the MLB draft. Presumably by the Yankees ( lehighvalleylive.com ) » (9 comments) Sports Cop arrested for pleasuring himself in public was also drafted in the 10th round of the MLB draft. Presumably by the Yankees ( lehighvalleylive.com ) » (9 comments) Business American Egg Board will have to undergo mayonnaise sympathy training ( theguardian.com ) » (5 comments) Geek Expert believes dogs can detect the passage of time with their noses by noticing changes in scent. Oh, so a watch dog ( dailymail.co.uk ) » (14 comments) Entertainment "Kate Beckinsale in Skintight Black Latex: Part V" trailer debuts at NYCC ( thterrortime.com ) » (12 comments) Politics Krauthammer's advice to Trump: Lie about everything you've ever said, ignore facts, and pretend you're Michelle Obama so people will think you're smart ( talkingpointsmemo.com ) » (5 comments) Video "Kate Beckinsale in Skintight Black Latex: Part V" trailer debuts at NYCC ( thterrortime.com ) » (12 comments) FarkUs Vicejay here -- updating my hurricane site w/ local coastal radars, stay safe all ( tropicwx.com ) » (3 comments) Fark :: Main | Sports | Business | Geek | Entertainment | Politics | Video | FarkUs Total Fark :: TotalFark | TF Discussion | All | Commented | Top Voted | Greenlit FArQ :: About Us | Quick Answers | Posting Rules | Farkisms Contests :: Photoshop | Farktography | Caption Buy Fark :: Fark Book | Fark Store Submit a Link » Copyright © 1999 - 2016 Fark, Inc | Last updated: Oct 07 2016 19:41:40 Contact Us  |  Report a bug/error msg  |  Advertise on Fark  |  Terms of service/legal/privacy policy Runtime: 0.442 sec (441 ms) Report
1	InternetSlang.com Home Random Trending Terms Suggestions About Contact CFS - InternetSlang.com The slang word / acronym / abbreviation CFS Trending Now Top Ten most popular slang look ups today  1.  STS 2.  SHIZZLE 3.  FOOTY 4.  :K 5.  FSB 6.  SNF 7.  LEL 8.  DUTCH 9.  IIGHT 50 More Top Terms...   What does CFS mean? This could be the only web page dedicated to explaining the meaning of CFS (CFS acronym/abbreviation/slang word). Ever wondered what CFS means? Or any of the other 9117 slang words, abbreviations and acronyms listed here at Internet Slang? Your resource for web acronyms, web abbreviations and netspeak.   All A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Other 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 What is CFS? CFS is "Covered Full Service"   CFS Definition / CFS Means The definition of CFS is "Covered Full Service"   The Meaning of CFS CFS means "Covered Full Service"   So now you know - CFS means "Covered Full Service" - don't thank us. YW!   What does CFS mean? CFS is an acronym, abbreviation or slang word that is explained above where the CFS definition is given.   All A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Other 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Other terms relating to 'covered': · CBJ Covered Blow Job (with condom) · MPCFS Multiple Point Covered Full Service Other terms relating to 'full': · BBFS Bare Back Full Service · FBSM Full Body Sensual Massage · FBST Full Body Sensual Touch · FMA Full Metal Alchemist · FMJ Full Metal Jacket · FMV Full Motion Video · FOF Full of Fail · FOS <-- Click To View · FQDN Fully Qualified Domain Name · FSBM Full Sensual Body Message · FULL MONTY Whole way, whole thing · GROK Fully understand · HOME BASE Full sexual intercourse · LLTTF Living Life To The Fullest · MPCFS Multiple Point Covered Full Service · NFR Nude Full Reverse massage · YFOS <-- Click To View Other terms relating to 'service': · BBFS Bare Back Full Service · CAS Close Air Support Confidence, Appearance, Swagger Creativity, Action, Service · CSR Customer Service Representative · DDOS Distributed Denial of Service (network attack) · DHS Department of Homeland Security Department of Health Services · DNS Domain Name Service Did Not Start · DOS Disk Operating System Denial Of Service (attack) Dad Over Shoulder · DSS Department of Social Services · EAS End of Active Service · EMS Emergency Medical Service · FREEBIE Item or service one gets for free · GMAIL Google web email service · GPRS General Packet Radio Services · IIS Internet Information Services · IRS Internal Revenue Service · ISDN Integrated Services Digital Network · ISP Internet Service Provider · MI6 Military Intelligence Service 6 · MMS Multimedia Messaging Service · MPCFS Multiple Point Covered Full Service · NCIS Naval Criminal Investigative Service (TV show) · NHS National Health Service · PBS Public Broadcasting Service · PSA Publice Service Announcement · QANTAS Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Service · SAS Special Air Service · SLA Service Level Agreement · SMS Short Message Service · SNAIL MAIL Regular postal service · SP2 Service Pack 2 · SSID Service Set Identifier · TOS Terms Of Service · UPS United Parcel Service Uninterruptible Power Supply · USPS United States Postal Service Trending Now Top Ten most popular slang look ups today  1.  STS 2.  SHIZZLE 3.  FOOTY 4.  :K 5.  FSB 6.  SNF 7.  LEL 8.  DUTCH 9.  IIGHT 50 More Top Terms...     Tell a friend about InternetSlang.com   -    Add an acronym   -    Sitemap   -    Random Slang © 2002-2016 InternetSlang.com Popular Pages Internet Slang words Text Slang - Chat Acronyms - IM Chat What does COB mean? - COB Definition - Meaning of COB What does FBSM mean? - FBSM Definition - Meaning of FBSM What does BBBJ mean? - BBBJ Definition - Meaning of BBBJ More Info Search Navigation Home Random Trending Terms Suggestions About Contact Social Twitter Facebook Google+ © internetslang.com. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
1	girls home Art Artists Books Photography Culture Food & Drink Travel & Nightlife Sports Entertainment Comics Film Gaming TV Design Auto Home Technology Music New Music Festivals Playlists Style Accessories Fashion Grooming Mandatory Pop Culture Funny-Photos Play Living Girls Weird News Videos Search Girls // Sex and Dating Know The Code: Massage Parlors Find your happy ending. by Gary DudakSep 6th, 2012 Massage parlors are tricky. How do you know if the masseuse will offer you a happy ending (if you’re into that sort of thing) when she’s done working out the kinks in your back? You don’t want to ask for something extra only to find yourself thrown out onto the street wearing nothing but a towel. To get to the bottom of this mystery, we asked CJ the Erotic Masseuse to give us all the details and codes to know before you walk in the door of your local massage parlor. SHARE TWEET Contact Advertiser Info Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions AdChoices CraveOnline.com is a property of CraveOnline Media, LLC, an Evolve Media, LLC company. © 2016 All Rights Reserved. NOT IN ANY WAY ASSOCIATED WITH CRAVE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. OR CRAVE MAGAZINE ® monitoring_string = "81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9"monitoring_string = "e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162"monitoring_string = "630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3"monitoring_string = "bf8a6c0d3e406dfcff758c00f8179ae8"
1	Site map Discussion of GFE and Old Dave's Response :( --- In nationalfbsm@yahoogroups.com, Michael <eroshands@y...> wrote: > O.K. Here is what I am saying. If a HARD and FAST rule > were in effect that providers advertising GFE would > provide BBBJ and DFK, there would be no confusion, > would there? HOWEVER if you say that the definition > was that there is "more" intimacy or its just an > attitude thing or any crap like that, you don't have a > clue what the advertiser provides Michael, Michael.... I believe I was one of the first to coin and use the phrase GFE way back before there was much of a web - there was the alt.sex.prosititution newsgroup which we read by packet readers at the amazing speed of 120 cps (without a k) and it took many minutes to download a single message. Then there was the old Prodigy boards on those very slow dial ups long before Yahoo or many websites. Then websites developed and I first coded libchrist.com having to know raw html code, not the lazy way today...although I would never want to go back to hand coding html. Back in those days we respected providers and would never think of having unhealthy bareback oral or any kind of unhealthy sex. And this was before the HIV scares (which isn't really much risk in heterosexual sexwork, but lots of other nasty STD's are). Many of us seek the GFE experience which means a real relationship for the moment with a sincere women who enjoys the experience, not just mechanical sex. Now you and some young on's come along and expect to totally change the definition for your own selfish, unsafe, ...pardon the expression moronic attitudes. Many of us prefer what you call crap to having a women take the health risks of unsafe sex which she may not even enjoy doing just to please the Michael's that demand their selfish ways. Fortunately I have seen a vast change in attitude about "intimacy crap" over the years. When I use to do Canadian reports on the old Canada Best board, there would be the responses of being sick and tired of all my intimacy crap and real men just fxxk women and none of this intimacy nonsense. But over the years that has drastically changed and zillions of men being more in tune with their more intimate side and find they enjoy it far more than being the big macho sex stud. It's been years since I've had that negative response on the boards I am active on - Mostly Canadian - with my zillions of Canadian reviews since I prefer for sexwork, to be in a country not run by the religious right where consenting adults have the sexual freedoms we do not have in the U.S. Not to mention far lower costs when you don't have the legal risk premium. Girl Friend Experience - Short definition What it means to each person is a little different, but to most guys it means a provider that makes the experience seem unrushed, enjoyable, fun, relaxing and more like a "real date than a quick commercial encounter. In practice, though, it seems to depend on chemistry, personality and mutual expectations, as YMMV ("your mileage may vary") for both the provider and client. A general description might be: a session that facilitates the experience, mutual cuddling/foreplay, mutual kissing, mutual oral sex (covered or uncovered--depending), and involves either the illusion or reality of passion on the part of the provider. Most of all its about being a sincere mutually desired human interaction. It is the opposite of the women being treated like a sex toy and the man an ATM machine. Old Dave in Phoenix who enjoys intimacy more than hot sex. Longer Discussion: Here is my vew of GFE which I realize is not shared by all, that is fine, its just one view: GFE by Dave in Phoenix Many people in reviews public and private say they seek GFE To me, GFE is "Girl Friend Experience" like renting a girl friend for the hour instead of the more cold, detached "hooker" type pro. Obviously many of us seek this GFE, not a pro like many in Nevada etc. Most importantly, a GFE is natural, not mechanical or forced. No matter what kind of play is desired it should feel like 'the real thing'. But GFE is defined differently by different people. For me, GFE involves having an emotional and intellectual connection with a provider like you would with a real girlfriend, not just a body for physical sex. Some define it by what things a provider will do such as kiss or if they will do bareback (I don't recommend). But I've experienced very mechanical kisses and relate it more to that "connection" on a deeper level than only the body, even if only for the moment, is paid for and you may not meet her again. Often I have heard a provider reply to the question "Are you GFE" with "You mean you want me to nag you a lot?" I also relate to what I refer as a "universal love", which many people just don't agree with our cultures definition of "love". GFE and "love" can be for the moment, it doesn't have to result in "falling in love" that many are so afraid of. It is more like standing in love of a unique spirit of a person and seeking to express this Universal love by sensual pleasure giving touch, sensuality and sexuality. But we are taught in our culture "love" has to be exclusive and possessing another. In the GFE I seek, I especially enjoy caring high touch intimacy, stoking, massaging, holding her, caressing her trying to relate to her inner spirit via high tender touch not a body to have sex with. Combine this GFE intimacy and sensual sexuality and I really enjoy the experience. While there are exceptions, I find very few American providers offer this. The attitude in the U.S. is often "oh, I save all emotions for my boyfriend". This contrasts sharply with women I've met from many other cultures, European, Latin America, Asian, that seem so much more open to sharing GFE and the type of intimacy I enjoy. The reasons are quite obvious. Most other cultures don't have the repressive sexual attitudes that we do in the U.S. Often foreign women are much more naturally open, intimate and provide easy GFE which is often totally foreign to most U.S. sexworkers. Their are of course exceptions of wonderful GFE providers in the U.S. and hard business only pro foreign women. But in my "studies" of providers in various parts of the world, as well as for example in Los Angeles and San Francisco, where you have lots of foreign women at hostess and strip clubs etc., my overwhelming experience is this obvious difference in cultures. In response Caitlin a Phoenix sexworker said: "While I have not advertized myself as GFE, that is what many of my clients have experienced. To me it is a question not of what you do, but how you do it. It definitely involves some kind of "connection," as Dave put it. When I'm with a client, I genuinely want both of us to have a good time. I usually manage to find something (or a lot) about their personality that I like, which makes it more fun for me. GFE definitely means no clock watching, filling out the hour if he finishes early, a massage if he wants it, things like that. A GFE may or may not include kissing. I like what CJ said about earning a kiss. If it doesn't happen on the first date, don't despair, it might happen on subsequent dates. If there is no genuine desire in me to give you a kiss, it will be mechanical. I always appreciate a client who lets me kiss him first before he kisses me. It seems to me a GFE is rather indefinable. Everyone has a different idea about it. That emotional connection is an intangible, and there is no guarantee that you and your provider will experience it. And one needn't have a FS provider to achieve that either." Dave says, that was a great response from Caitlin, who I thank for her input (reposted with her permission) More good thoughts: by St. Louis Guy: "GFE is one thing to one person, another thing to another, but I know from experience, that you can share an hour (or most times less) with a very beautiful woman and feel totally ripped off afterwards, mainly due to a "get it over" attitude, which says, "Hurry up, pay me, and I'm outta here!!" Those experiences, widely experienced in Vegas and other markets with certain agencies or individual providers really suck, especially when you pay higher dollar. The best GFE is the girl or woman who treats you in a relaxed, human (not mechanical) manner, and responds. She doesn't have to kiss, but many do, and safe sex is the rule, of course. But it is the willingness to do MORE than "lay" there and let the guy "get off".... It's a GFE like this with a gal who might be attractive, but not a total "knock-out", that sweetly lingers in the memory. The message to providers should be...treat us the most humanly way possible, get into it, and leave an impression. That's the way to do it! " But not everyone wants GFE such as what one man said: "Some guys want/like a GFE but not all us. Snuggling, holding hands, caresses ..... ugh Sorry, I want it hot and nasty. " And more wisdom from retlakk: "Personally, I get the most pleasure out of sex when we both have a good time. I really try to turn the girl on and please her. Stroking, cuddling, kissing is all part of that, and it's surely unnatural to preserve complete emotional detachment while giving this the full attention which it deserves. Maybe it's a question of age. I'm over 50, have had several girlfriends. I don't think I'm going to get lovesick over a sex affair. For a young man, it might be different. Yes, there is some danger of getting hooked, these girls are not called "hookers" for nothing. But treating a girl like some kind of animated rubber doll misses most of the point of making love." So different men seek different type of providers, hot and nasty or more intimacy and that hard to define intangible GFE. by ecto , Mar 03,2001 Thank you Dave for such a thoughtful, excellent post. Without quite realizing it, I've also been seeking a GFE, an intimate, mutually satisfying encounter on a human rather than commercial level. I don't think that it's a contradiction in terms. A paid for experience doesn't have to be money driven. Sex surrogates do the same thing, but are more socially and legally accepted, and have professional degrees. Of course, speaking as an American, I think there's no doubt that the puritanical US culture is among the most repressed in the world, so that sex, which is inherently such a joyful, intimate and wonderful human experience becomes, devoid of joy, mechanical, and emotionally barren. I've stopped going to SPs in the US. My best experiences have been in Canada and Australia in particular, with its legalized brothels, and cult of pleasure throughout the society. Aussies just love a good time, and aren't ashamed about it. Friends have told me that the same is true in Japan, and that the most physically beautiful women are found in the sex trade. I guess they feel that they are more accepted and rewarded for doing such work, a heritage from the days of the concubine. Also see related article with more wisdom from others at http://www.sexwork.com/subcontents/whymenpayGFE.html
1	Slate Sign In Sign Up Are There Any Escorts Who Aren’t Prostitutes? Are There Any Escorts Who Aren’t Prostitutes? Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate Explainer Answers to your questions about the news. Oct. 31 2011 5:47 PM Seriously, I Just Want an Escort Are there any who aren't prostitutes? By Brian Palmer   Screengrab from Villiage Voice's classified section. The Village Voice is under attack for its classified advertising service Backpage.com, which includes an adult section with listings for body rubs, strippers, and escorts. Critics say that these advertisements are thinly veiled offers of prostitution, which sometimes involve child sex workers. Are there any escort services that don’t peddle sex? Yes, but they’re rare. Strictly platonic escort service pop up every now and then on the Internet and in classified ads, but people inside the industry say they rarely stay in business for more than a few months. Part of the challenge is that they’re confusing to both the clients and the employees: The term escort is so universally euphemistic that people don’t believe agencies that advertise as nonsexual. In addition to this small handful of true companionship services, some well-established agencies offer escorts for fetish activities and sensual (but nonsexual) massage, which would not satisfy legal definitions of prostitution. The overwhelming majority of escorts, however, are at least open to the idea of trading sex for money, even though few would consider themselves prostitutes. An escort offers an evening of companionship that may include sex, while a prostitute sells sex itself. Advertisement Operators of escort agencies flatly deny that they are in the business of selling sex. They charge a fee to connect a client with an escort, and whatever happens between them is up to those two consenting adults. (Technicalities and legal fictions pervade the sex industry. Some Islamic countries have a longstanding, if controversial, tradition of temporary ad hoc marriages known as sigheh, which can add a veneer of religious legitimacy to prostitution.) Most escort agencies maintain plausible deniability by collecting a fixed payment that does not vary based on what services were provided. The escort negotiates that independently. Smart agency owners hang up on clients who mention sex during the booking process, because such calls might be part of a police sting. For the same reason, escorts themselves often walk out on clients who talk too much about sex before it happens. Escort agency owners are also quick to point out that many encounters don’t involve sex, even if the escort herself has engaged in prostitution in the past. Operators say that men hire escorts for business functions, high school reunions, or even the prom. In those cases, the clients may just want to impress their friends and colleagues, and aren’t interested in sex. Drug users may also hire escorts to accompany them while they get high. High-end prostitutes report that, more often than not, their clients are more interested in their companionship than sex. Wealthy clients typically hire escorts by word-of-mouth referrals rather than going through an agency, but those who do the latter often pay thousands of dollars for nonsexual affection. Got a question about today’s news? Ask the Explainer. Explainer thanks Melissa Broudo of the Sex Workers Project; Michelle of ExoticPublishing.com; Tracy Quan, author of Diary of a Manhattan Call Girl; Dan Sytman of the Washington State Office of the Attorney General; and Ronald Weitzer of George Washington University. Brian Palmer writes about science, medicine, and the environment for Slate and Earthwire. Email him at explainerbrian@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2016 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
1	Browse A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # new Vote Favorites Store Cart English Arabic Azerbaijani Bengali Bulgarian Chinese Czech Danish Dutch English Filipino French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Help translate! Top Definition gfe Girl Friend Experience. Affection oriented escort. by jr May 10, 2003 2157 698 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt Add your own Random Word Trending Now Dog In A Bath Tub manterrupting Japanese Rain Goggles ass hash Clock Spider figging FLÜGGÅӘNKб€ČHIŒßØLĮÊN dense breast king hit HeForShe Can you define these popular missing words? dense breast 1-10 Female attractiveness scale), wamables toking up yqy sterobrys cory lind ppap Ppap f*ckening 2 gfe Like the others said, GFE=Girlfriend experience. In some situations, it also means that the prostitute/escort is willing to perform some services without condoms, akabarebacked, usually blowjobs(BBBJ). My friends said that getting blown without a jimmy by the incall girl was a bad idea. But she promised a GFE, and honestly, do you know anyone whod use a rubber to get blown by their girlfriend? Seriously. #prostitution #escorts #bbbj #incall #outcall #massage by gooberliberation January 31, 2006 1790 798 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 3 GFE Girl friend experience That prostitue made it feel like she was your girlfriend by Eaduja August 27, 2005 937 502 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 4 gfe escort relationship with more direct contact; acts like a girl friend that gfe gave an uncovered bj and then we did a complete 69 #pse #worth every penny #cheerleader emulation #hand job #uncovered bj by evan winter December 17, 2005 889 590 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 5 gfe Girl Friend Experience. A professional that kisses and cuddles her client and gives him intimacy like a girlfriend. A prostitute that enjoys her clients and lets them know it with kisses and not rushing. NOT a bbbj! I saw a pro for a gfe and she had the best kisses! #escort #incall #outcall #courtesan #tantric by Sweet K March 21, 2008 993 767 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 6 GFE Girl Friend Experience 1. Shows up and acts like she wants to be there. 2. Deep french kisses. 3. Bare Back Blow Job. 4. Stays and provides service for the full hour. If all four criteria are met the provider is known as a GFE. Jaime is an excellent $200 GFE in the South Florida escort market. That freaking agency said she was GFE but all I got was a lame CBJ, peck on the cheek,some doggy, and she left after 23 minutes. #girl friend experience #pse #porn star experience #bbbj #dfk #cbj by JohnIforgotmyname June 15, 2009 429 213 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 7 gfe Girlfriend Experience. The provider/escort will provide a girlfriend experience meaning she may do some are all of the following, further determining if she is a FULL GFE or Light GFE. Talking first then playing, Kissing, bbbj, dfk, letting the client go down on her, cuddling, no rush, no clock watching. Some GFE's do not like to kiss but will give a bbbj, this makes them a light GFE, vs. a FULL GFE will perform as well as RECIEVE! sepearating this from a PSE (pornstar experience) is that a PSE will not talk first like a girlfreind, they just get straight to the sex part, and Never use a condom. that is a PSE. #gfe #pse #girlfreind experience #true gfe #full gfe by escort agency owner April 23, 2009 306 220 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 1 2 3 Next › Last » Alphabetical List gfe gfed G-Fel gfemp G-fense GFEO GFETE gfeuo G fever GFF GFFA GFFB gffbffg gffffg GFFIOY gffl gffle gffu gffy gfg GFGB GFGC gfgf GFGI gfh gfhdsfhjgs gfhl GFHT gfi gfiadadwak GFIAFP GFID g fiddle G -fied UP g-fig GFILF gfilter GFILTH GFIM g-fine © 1999-2016 Urban Dictionary ® jobs   terms of service   privacy dmca   remove   help Free Daily Email Type your email address below to get our free Urban Word of the Day every morning! Emails are sent from daily@urbandictionary.com. We'll never spam you. ×
1	NewsV Marijuana Politics Longform Daily Newsletter Weekly Newsletter MusicV Concert Reviews Profiles Concert Calendar Bars & Lounges Music Newsletter Food & DrinkV Denver Restaurant Guide Restaurant Reviews Bars & Lounges Food & Drink Newsletter Arts & CultureV Theater Geek Art Reviews Arts & Culture Newsletter CalendarV Submit an Event Concerts Things To Do Newsletter Film & TVV News & Interviews Film Reviews Showtimes Trailers Film & TV Newsletter Longform MarijuanaV Marijuana News Dispensaries Strains Laws Marijuana Newsletter Videos Slideshows Best Of Denver®V Best Of Newsletter PromotionsV Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Deals Classifieds Apps, About Us, Contact Us, Staff, Careers, Advertise, E-Edition, Privacy, Terms menu Glossary of Prostitution Terms How Sustainable Is Denver? Remember Me SIGN IN › Forgot Password? Or sign in with a social account: FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO! Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Connect. Discover. Share. Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all-access pass to everything local on events, music, restaurants, news and more. Enter your email or sign up with a social account to get started FACEBOOK TWITTER GOOGLE+ YAHOO! Privacy Policy SIGN UP › Already registered? Login › *Email *Username *Password Name *Zipcode DONE MVN Sign In › Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Facebook Twitter Follow @denverwestword Other Sean Cronin Glossary of Prostitution Terms Wednesday, November 7, 2007 at 11:36 a.m. By Sean Cronin A A Facebook - Twitter - More shares recommend reddit email - - Glendale Police have come to rely on the website Videovigilante.com for some of their more detailed intelligence on the flesh trade. Like this glossary of industry terms, which comes straight from the site: AMP = Asian Massage Parlor AAMP = Apartment Asian Massage Parlor. Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. ABC = american born chinese ABJ = american born japanese Agency = a company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of providers. AMP = Asian Massage Parlor analinus = licking anus Asian = analingus, oral sex to the anus Asian Cowgirl = girl on top, squatting ASP = Adult Service Provider, or alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup ASPD = Adult Service Provider Discussion ATF = All Time Favorite ATM = ass to mouth Aunt Flo = menstruation babyback = petite, young, attractive Asian bait and switch = person who shows up is a different one than advertised bareback = without condom BJ = blow job = oral sex = fellatio BBBJ = bare back blow job, oral sex without condom BBBJTC = bare back blow job to completion (in mouth) BBBJTCIM = bare back blow job to completion in mouth BBBJTCWS = bare back blow job to completion with swallow BBBJWF = bare back blow job with facial BBFS = bare back sex BBW = big beautiful woman BCD = Behind Closed Doors (as in private and discrete) BDSM = bondage, discipline, sado-masochism. BF = boy friend BFE = boy friend experience (Guy takes care of her desires as well) birdwatching = BBBJTCWS BLS = ball licking and sucking blue pill = Viagra butter face = everything looks good, but her face BTW = by the way cash and dash = ROB who takes the money and runs CBJ = covered blow job, oral sex with condom CC Rider = full service provider costing $200 or less CDS = covered doggy style CFS = covered full service, Sex with condom CG = cowgirl = girl on top facing you CH = Crazy Horse, SF Strip Club CIM = cum in mouth CL = craigslist.org CMD = carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde CMT = Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse. Cowgirl = CG = girl on top facing you cover = condom cups of coffee = releases DATY = dining at the y = cunnilingus, oral sex performed on a woman DDP = double digit penetration, kitty and anus Dodge = Mission Blvd, between A St and 14th St, in Hayward, CA Doggie = man behind girl, girl on hands and knees Doubles = A threesome with two girls and you DDE = doesn't do extras (PS only) DDG = drop dead gorgeous DFK = deep french kissing, open mouth with tongue DIY = do it yourself (masturbation) DT = deep throat ECR = el camino real EOM = end of message. No text in message body. facial = cumming on partner's face FBSM = full body sensual massage FIV = finger in vagina FKK = Frei Körper Kultur. German brothel / nudist club. FOB = fresh off the boat. Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US. FOV = finger outside vagina French = BJ, or oral sex in general French Kiss = Kissing with tongue insertion FS = full service = BJ + Sex Get Brain = blow job Get Comfortable = get completely naked GFE = girlfriend experience. (different variants of the definition but the basic definition includes: FS, BJ, DATY, not a clock watcher, could kiss - treats you like her Boy Friend) GG = Golden Gypsy. defunct Berkeley massage parlor GND = girl next door Greek = anal sex, back door GS = golden shower = urination play GSM = g-spot massage hardwood floors = clean shaven kitty Hat = condom HDH = high dollar hottie HJ = hand job = a manual / hand release HM = high mileage HME = honeymoon experience, lapdog heaven HWP = height and weight proportionate IMHO = in my humble opinion Incall = Meet the girl at her apartment or hotel room interpreter = condom Italian = penis rubbing between butt cheeks ISO = in search of Lapdog = person who worships providers to excess. LDL = low dollar looker (opposite of HDH) LE = law enforcement LK = light kissing, closed mouth LOS = land of smiles (Thailand) mamasan = female manager of a massage parlor MBOT = Mitchell Brothers O'Farrell Theatre, SF Strip Club MBR = multiple bell ringing = MSOG MILF = mom I'd like to f-ck Mish = missionary position, or the SF Mission District Missionary = man on top, girl on back mohawk = thin rectangular strip of pubic hair MP = massage parlor MP = multiple pops = multiple releases MSC = Market Street Cinema, SF Strip Club MSOG = multiple shots on goal = multiple releases NCT = New Century Theatre, SF Strip Club NQNS = Non Quitter Non Spitter (Provider term for guys who just never get there) NSA = no strings attached Outcall: Girl comes to your home or hotel room OWO = oral without condom OWOTC = oral without condom to completion papasan = male manager of a massage parlor party hat = condom PIV = penis in vagina PL = Pathetic Loser PO = phone operator PS = Private Show (Dance) PSE = Porn Star Experience (Opposite of GFE - professional attitude, clock watcher with perfect timing, but an incredibly good time. So good it would be like being in a porn movie and the business like attitude just wasn't a problem) PV = private viewing (Dancing, getting naked, some touching but not FS, CBJ or HJ) RA = relaxation assistant raincoat = condom RB = myredbook.com rimming = analingus RMP = Russian Massage Parlor ROB = Rip Off Bitch Reverse cowgirl = RCG = girl on top facing away Reverse massage = you massage her Roman shower = vomit play RPG = role playing games Russian = penis rubbing between breasts = Pearl Necklace = titty fuck SC = Strip Club SF = San Francisco shill = an insider posing as a satisfied customer SO = significant other SOG = shot on goal = one release SOMF = sat on my face south of the border = gential region southern france = BBBJ SP = Service Provider SPA = San Pablo Avenue in Oakland, CA spanish = ATM = ass to mouth spinner = very petite, thin girl STD = sexually transmitted disease stroll = path frequented by street walkers SW = street walker TAMP = Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor teabag = man squats and dips balls in partner's mouth TG = transgender TGTBT = too good to be true Tina = crystal meth TJ = Tijuana TL = Tenderloin district, San Francisco. between Van Ness Ave, Post St, Taylor St, and Golden Gate Ave tossing salad = analingus Troll = rude and hideous PL Trolling = Posting thinly disguised ads in a discussion forum TOFTT = Take one for the team. In reference to a new, non-reviewed provider. TS = transexual TUMA = tongue up my ass TV = transvestite WTF = What the fuck? XOXO = Kisses & Hugs YMMV = Your mileage may vary. Your service level could be different than reported by others. Applies to everyone, some more so than others. (Meaning each person may have an experience with an individual provider that is different than the person posting due to personalities and other intangible factors. Also has been used jokingly for "Your Money May Vanish" ) 1/2 and 1/2 = half and half = oral sex + full service 411 = seeking information 420 = 4:20 = marijuana 69 = two people giving each other oral sex at the same time How Sustainable Is Denver? NEXT   Contact: Sean Cronin Follow: Westword Westword News News Get the This Week's Top Stories Newsletter Every week we collect the latest news, music and arts stories — along with film and food reviews and the best things to do this week — so that you'll never miss Westword's biggest stories. GO Cancel Submit Comments In Case You Missed It Terrance Roberts Shot Down His Reputation and His Nonprofit — Can... Kyle Clark's I-Hate-Snowy-Patio-Photos Rant Ignored by 9News Mom Tries to Save Son From Death Penalty Even Though He Killed Her... Dear Stoner: Are Dispensaries Scanning IDs Now? Upcoming Events Crush Night Out Tickets Fri., Oct. 7, 6:00pm Sports Authority Field Parking: Denver Broncos Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Denver Broncos v Falcons HALF PRICE GAME Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Colorado Rapids vs. San Jose Earthquakes Tickets Thu., Oct. 13, 7:00pm Popular Stories Who Wants to Smoke Weed With Tommy Chong in Denver? The Ten Worst Parking Lots and Garages in Denver Burke Ramsey Sues CBS Expert for $150M Over JonBenet Murder... Why Free the Nipple Fort Collins Lawsuit Is About More Than... Sponsor Content ©2016 Denver Westword, LLC. All rights reserved. Newsletters All-access pass to the top stories, events and offers around town. Top Stories Send: Sign Up > Remind Me Later > No Thanks > Privacy Policy Newsletters All-access pass to top stories, events and offers around town. Sign Up > No Thanks! Remind Me Later >
1	MESSAGES LOG IN Log in via Log In Remember me Forgot password? Create an account EXPLORE Community DashboardRandom ArticleAbout UsCategoriesRecent Changes HELP US Write an ArticleRequest a New ArticleAnswer a RequestMore Ideas... EDIT Edit this Article Home » Categories » Relationships » Dating » Getting a Date Article Edit Discuss Edit Article How to Be an Escort's Favorite Client Community Q&A Learn the correct conduct when dealing with an escort. What and what not to do if you want to be a great client. Steps 1 Wherever you find your escort, research her. Does she have a website, does she have ads going back at least 6 months, does she have reviews (although some escorts do not like being reviewed)? Google her name and phone number or email before contacting her. Also expect her to want to screen your for her own safety; be respectful and provide whatever info she requires. 2 Be on time, or call if you will be more than 10 minutes late. Unless you are giving notice of a time change well in advance, expect to pay for the time you missed. If your 60 minute date was supposed to start at 7 and you get there at 7:15, STILL LEAVE AT 8. Please respect the escort's time and schedule, and don't linger. Even if the escort genuinely enjoyed the time with you, it is annoying and awkward if you overstay. If you want more time, ask and if she says yes, expect to pay for it at the rate previously discussed. 3 Know what's on menu in advance and do not deviate from it. Escorts use code words like, CIM, greek, GFE, PSE... google these before you call or email. 4 Never ever discuss sexual acts or money in person. For your own safety! If it is a sting, they will try to get you to say what you are there for out loud. When in doubt, kiss the girl or ask her to get more comfortable. If she complies, green light! 5 Money first always! If you must refer to it at any time, call it a gift. Do not hand the money directly to her, set it down where she can see it, or wherever you were told to beforehand, (often by the sink in the bathroom). 6 Be nice, treat her like a lady, and be respectful. She is a real person, you don't need to be intimidated and you certainly shouldn't feel superior either. 7 Don't feel like you need to blow her mind sexually. While noble, and very sweet, she is there for you. Do not hold back at the beginning because you want to last for her, this often ends in not being able to finish at all. Which nobody wants. You can take care of her after if you enjoy that, but no pressure here either. 8 Try to read her cues. She is a real women with real likes and dislikes. Not everyone wants to be talked dirty to, or smash-cuddled post coitus. Some might love it though! 9 She will not be offended if you need to leave right after. Whether you need to get back to work, or just aren't into idle chit-chat and cuddling, do your thing. She will enjoy the extra down-time. If you have a genuine rapport or chemistry, or if you are just enjoying the company and a break from real life, then stay the whole time! She will be happy either way. 10 Tip! Always tip. No one care if it's $20 or $200, tip your escort. Unless she was terrible. Tipping lets the woman know that you liked her and that you appreciate her time and effort. This is especially important if you want to see the escort again. If you went for a twofer, then tip extra well! 11 Ask her if she would like to be reviewed. If yes, keep it simple, and do not fabricate. If you say she did something that she didn't, other clients may expect that same service in the future. 12 Always be clean!!! Very very clean. If you just came from work or whatever, take a quick shower at the location. You don't want to be known as the 'Smegma-Guy'. 13 That's it! Real advice from real escorts. 14 Bring wine or a gift. Escorts love this and you will go right to the front of the line, hopefully. Wine can help to get you both relaxed and comfortable, and is a good social lubricant when you have to make all the magic happen in an hour or two. You can ask in advance what she likes, and don't forget the glasses! Gift certificates are always a safe bet if you want to bring a gift, stores like Amazon, Victoria's Secret, Bath and Body, etc. If you know the escort well, you may want to give her more personalized gifts like lingerie, jewelry, and perfume. ****Super extra bonus points if you buy her drinks/take her to dinner first, (WHILE she is being compensated for her time at her usual rate). If you really enjoy her company and can afford to do this, this is the best way to make her feel special. Remember she is on the clock though, and do not ever ask her to meet for free. That is a line neither of you should cross. Community Q&A Ask a Question Submit Already answered Not a question Bad question Other If this question (or a similar one) is answered twice in this section, please click here to let us know. Tips Remember that sexual desire is part of human nature and nothing to be ashamed of. If you are older/have no time for dating/want to be discreet/or are socially awkward, there is no shame in seeing a beautiful girl and having it be a sure thing! It's just practical. A good escort takes care of herself, practices safely, vets clients, checks references, and gets tested frequently. Escorts are not dirty, unethical, slutty, addicted to drugs any other stereotype that people associate with us. They, like any other social group, have a range of personalities, preferences and vices. Escorts are regular people and chances are very high that you know women, (or men!), that are in the sex industry in one form or another. They often keep their professions very private because they can be judged harshly. Respect her personal life. If you give her your number, she will most likely not call you, and it has nothing to do with whether or not she 'really' likes you. She keeps her two worlds separate at all times. Always use protection! If you are looking for something specific, it is out there. Domination, humiliation, every fetish you could imagine. It may not be every escorts cup of tea, but if you look hard enough you will probably find it. Always tip extra if you request a special outfit, roleplay, fetish work, toys, etc. If your escort goes above and beyond, so should you. The dream client would tip well, leave early, finish fast, bring a gift, be a regular guy, be polite and respectful. That is just the real truth. Keep in mind though that that is a client that doesn't really exist and no one expects you to be him. It's more about you anyway, and professional escorts love to feel like they did a great job and left the guy with a smile and a lasting memory! Many genuinely like most of their clients and enjoy the job wholeheartedly. Like any group of client service providers, escorts have favorites, mehs, people they don't care for, and people they will refuse to see ever again. Independent girls can be fun too! Make sure they have great reviews and that they vet clients properly before seeing them, (you may feel uncomfortable giving out identifying information, but it is in everyone's best interest!). Agency vs. Independent: Agencies are great if you want to try a variety of girls. Repeat clients are often given special treatment and more consideration. Once you trust an agency, it takes a lot of the guesswork and fear out of the equation. A good agent can give you recommendations based on who you have enjoyed in the past. When you first meet your escort please take some time to talk to them before moving onto more intimate activities. When you first meet maybe give your escort a hug and kiss and ask them to make themselves more comfortable. Warnings Don't fall in love with your escort. Always remember that even though the relationship is mutually pleasurable, and you enjoy each other's company, it is first and foremost a professional relationship. It is her job to make you feel good, and that can easily be confused with romantic love. Don't be that guy. It makes everyone feel bad. Do not expect an escort to just roll with your fetish. If you have something even slightly out of the ordinary in mind, ASK. Ask before the date if at all possible and if not, then ask upon meeting her. Be safe. If a girl will go bareback with you, you better believe she has done it with every guy before you. And never ever try to sneak it in. It's really disrespectful, and will often get you blacklisted. We know that condoms suck. We wish they didn't. They are a necessary evil though. If you can't finish with a condom on, there are other ways to finish It is not the end of the world and it happens all the time+. I do recommend that you try a female condom and see if that feels better to you. If it seems fishy, leave politely. Don't be paranoid though. Do your homework, be cautious and you will be fine. Do not say, "You should be paying ME for this! Har har." Everyone uses that joke. Good luck and happy birthday! Things You'll Need Money Common sense EditRelated wikiHows How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette How to Use Proper Business Email Etiquette How to Be Fired Gracefully How to Deal with a Work Colleague Who Has Stinky Lunches How to Practice Business Etiquette in Italy How to Practice Business Etiquette in Russia How to Delegate Tasks and Empower Your Team Article Info Categories: Business Etiquette | Getting a Date In other languages: Português: ser o Cliente Favorito de uma Acompanhante, Español: ser el cliente favorito de una dama de compañía, Italiano: Diventare il Cliente Preferito di una Escort, Русский: быть любимым клиентом эскорта, Deutsch: Der Lieblingskunde einer Begleitdame sein Discuss Print Email Edit Send fan mail to authors Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 244,251 times. Did this article help you? Yes No   Can you please put wikiHow on the whitelist for your ad blocker? wikiHow relies on ad money to give you our free how-to guides. Learn how. Cookies make wikiHow better. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our cookie policy. About this wikiHow 617 reviews Click a star to vote Click a star to vote Thanks for voting! Co-authors: 15 Updated: Views: 244,251 "Never paid for an escort before but I'm really thinking about it. Just trying to make sure I don't do something stupid and make her scared and not want to be with me. This really helped."..." more - Jalen P. 91% of people told us that this article helped them. Quick Tips Related Articles How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette Home About wikiHow Jobs Terms of Use RSS Site map Log In Mobile view All text shared under a Creative Commons License. Powered by Mediawiki. Become an Author! Write an Article 136
1	⌂Home Mail Search News Sports Finance Celebrity Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More⋁ Politics Movies Music TV Groups Style Beauty Tech Shopping Install the new Firefox » Yahoo Answers 👤 Sign in ✉ Mail ⚙ Help Account Info Help Suggestions Send Feedback Answers Home All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products International Argentina Australia Brazil Canada France Germany India Indonesia Italy Malaysia Mexico New Zealand Philippines Quebec Singapore Taiwan Hong Kong Spain Thailand UK & Ireland Vietnam Espanol About About Answers Community Guidelines Leaderboard Knowledge Partners Points & Levels Blog Safety Tips Society & Culture Community Service Next What does gfe incall mean? 1 following Report Abuse Are you sure you want to delete this answer? Yes No Sorry, something has gone wrong. Trending Now Michael Jordan Anne Hathaway Apple Watch Barack Obama Arthritis Relief Credit Cards Keith Richards John Cena Haley Bennett Reverse Mortgage Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer:  This refers to a female (call girl, prostitute, and so on) that offers a service where the man comes to her, in her appartment, her house, or her hotel room. There she will give you sexual services for a fee. Many women of this type provide massages or other sexual activity like you are a piece of meat ,and they are a robot. However, if she said GFE, she is claiming she will give you a "Girl Friend Experience". In other words, this female service provider, will pretend to be your girlfriend. Usually that means she will be very romantic and receptive to you and make an emotional connection with you, durring the session, with her. Instead of just providing cold, direct sexual services and sending you out the door, she will laugh, play , talk ,and do things a real girlfriend would do with you. "Outcall" oppose to "Incall" means that the female service provider will come to your home or hotel room for the session. Source(s): Countless Single ads in Los Angeles area adult magazines videogene · 1 decade ago 7 Thumbs up 1 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Asker's rating Report Abuse This Site Might Help You. RE: what does gfe incall mean? Source(s): gfe incall mean: https://tr.im/H7HaF ? · 1 year ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse Girlfriend experience--incall. Basically, you pay an escort to act as your girlfriend (that's GFE). Incall means you have to go to her place of residence--she won't come out to your place. Pagan Rebirth, S.O. · 1 decade ago 2 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse What Is Gfe Source(s): https://shrink.im/a8q2I fogleman · 1 day ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse When you phone a callgirl or boy, and she/he is in the same building as you are in. BrendaWise · 1 decade ago 1 Thumbs up 4 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse Add your answer What does gfe incall mean? Add your answer Source Submit Cancel Report Abuse I think this question violates the Community Guidelines Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more I think this question violates the Terms of Service Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more Additional Details If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our Copyright/IP Policy Report Abuse Cancel Report Abuse I think this answer violates the Community Guidelines Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more I think this answer violates the Terms of Service Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more Additional Details If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our Copyright/IP Policy Report Abuse Cancel Report Abuse I think this comment violates the Community Guidelines Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more I think this comment violates the Terms of Service Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more Additional Details If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our Copyright/IP Policy Report Abuse Cancel Ask a question usually answered in minutes! Expand» Details Details Existing questions More Tell us some more Upload in Progress Upload failed. Please upload a file larger than 100x100 pixels We are experiencing some problems, please try again. You can only upload files of type PNG, JPG, or JPEG. You can only upload files of type 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, MOV, AVI, MPG, MPEG, or RM. You can only upload photos smaller than 5 MB. You can only upload videos smaller than 600MB. You can only upload a photo (png, jpg, jpeg) or a video (3gp, 3gpp, mp4, mov, avi, mpg, mpeg, rm). You can only upload a photo or a video. Video should be smaller than <b>600mb/5 minutes</b> Photo should be smaller than <b>5mb</b> Video should be smaller than <b>600mb/5 minutes</b> Photo should be smaller than <b>5mb</b> Related Questions Guys does starring mean you're interested? What does marriage mean to you? What does LMAO mean? More questions What does true love mean to you? What does a girl mean when she says SHUT UP? Answer Questions Is it better to have a 4.0 in high school and no community service or leadership or a 3.5 with a lot of leadership and community service? Are there any precautions that can be useful against an abduction? I have a mirror would you like to see your face? Simple Blog Design Tweaks that’ll Skyrocket Your Traffic? Trending What is greater than God, more evil than the devil, the poor have it, the rich need it, and if you eat it, you'll die? 9 answers Who thinks it's ok for a murcan southerner to fly a Confederate flag but not OK for a German to fly a nazi flag? 6 answers Atheists & Christians, are you Jezebel? 6 answers More questions Is your job stressful? 20 answers Could a return to colonialism be a solution to multiculturalism? 8 answers How does Hillary handle this very simple question from Trump? "Hey, Hillary, can you explain your Foundation's money and it's failure? 7 answers Terms Privacy AdChoices RSS
1	Home Introduction Index Subject Index (A and B) Subject Index (C and D) Subject Index (E and F) Subject Index (G and H) Subject Index (I and J) Subject Index (K and L) Subject Index (M and N) Subject Index (O and P) Subject Index (Q and R) Subject Index (S and T) Subject Index (U and V) Subject Index (W – Z) Resources Bibliography Filmography Musicography Questions Quotes La Libertine’s Salon Offsite Permanent Links Criticisms, Witticisms & Praise The Honest Courtesan Frank commentary from an unretired call girl Feeds: Posts Comments « The Biggest Whores All Shapes and Sizes » Terminology September 7, 2010 by Maggie McNeill “When I use a word,” Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone, “it means just what I choose it to mean — neither more nor less.” –  Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking Glass Like all subcultures, whores and our clients use specialized language to describe various aspects of our trade and the specialized activities we perform.  Most of these are just slang terms used to replace a long descriptive phrase (for example, “cowgirl” replaces the rather cumbersome “woman on top position”), but others were originally intended to allow discussion of suppressed activities when official busybodies might be eavesdropping (on phone or internet communications).  Of course, a secret shared is no secret at all, so once a term becomes common enough for a client to be relatively certain that it will mean something to an escort (or vice versa), they can also be sure the term is equally well-known to the cops.  Today I’d just like to give you a brief overview of a few of the more common terms used in and about our trade.  Many of these originated on the internet; some were first used among streetwalkers, while still others may be peculiar to New Orleans (which is the only place I ever worked). Around the World means oral stimulation of the man’s anus as well as his genitals; as one might expect, the percentage of working girls who will grant this particular request is fairly slim even in the lower echelons.  Even if one chooses to ignore the considerable hygeine issues, the chance of contracting hepatitis A or other diseases is in my considered opinion far too high to risk. BBBJ stands for “Bareback Blow Job”, in other words fellatio without a condom.  In the days immediately after the discovery of AIDS this was widely considered unsafe, and authorities encouraged people to use condoms even during oral sex.  Almost three decades of research, however, have failed to turn up even one single documented case of HIV transmission via oral sex, and the last figure I saw was 0.04% chance of infection due to blood seepage into an undetected mouth sore.  Since that’s roughly similar to the chance of being struck by lightning while walking in the rain, most call girls and escorts don’t worry about it much any more.  Hepatitis B is transmitted much as HIV is, though probably at a slightly higher chance.  Other venereal diseases (including venereal warts and herpes) can certainly be transmitted via oral sex, but since they have visible signs most of the risk can be avoided via careful visual inspection (as I’ve discussed before), copious salivation (which most men find visually stimulating anyhow) and disallowing ejaculation into one’s mouth.  The latter requires careful monitoring of the client’s progress; I always asked him to warn me but also assumed he would not because unfortunately a lot of men are complete assholes on this particular subject and will not give warning despite the increased risk to the girl. Cowgirl we’ve already discussed; the only reason I’m mentioning it here again is because many of my readers are probably unfamiliar with the terms for its variations, reverse cowgirl (woman on top, facing the man’s feet) and Asian cowgirl (as normal cowgirl but with one’s feet on the bed raising the whole body up and down rather than simply rocking back and forth). Deep Throat means taking a man’s penis all the way into one’s mouth.  With a little practice it isn’t difficult, and since it impresses the hell out of men it’s well worth learning.  The trick is to suppress the gag reflex; I suggest practicing on bananas.  Few men are long enough to actually go down one’s throat, and even those that are can be handled unless they are oddly-shaped (as I’ll discuss tomorrow). Donation is originally an internet term; it simply means “fee”, as in “how much is your donation?” Facial means ejaculation onto a woman’s face.  Men who like to do this really like it, but some girls won’t allow it.  Personally I was never bothered by it; it’s not difficult to keep one’s mouth and eyes shut, and since I was blessed with a clear complexion and lovely natural coloring I never needed to wear makeup in those days anyhow.  I could therefore simply have a warm, damp washcloth handy for initial cleanup and then wash my face completely afterward.  I can see how a girl who needs makeup would be averse to clients doing this, however, since it would necessitate a great deal more effort to restore her looks afterward than it did mine.  It also tends to get in one’s hair, but can be brushed out in the short term and thoroughly removed by shampoo later.  Amateurs who say “I would never let a man do that to me!” or “That’s so demeaning!” need to remember those statements when asking “Why does my husband hire whores when I give him plenty of sex?” Full service simply means intercourse, as opposed to just oral sex or masturbation (the latter being the specialty of Asian massage parlors). GFE means “Girl Friend Experience”; it’s a highly subjective term but generally means that the escort will cuddle, kiss, refrain from obvious clockwatching or otherwise make the experience seem much more natural and less mechanical.  A high percentage of call girls provide either “GFE” or its converse, the “PSE” (some men believe that the two are not mutually exclusive within a single call, but I beg to differ).  Of late, I have noticed a distressing tendency in internet venues to attempt to define a GFE by mechanistic criteria (such as whether the girl allows intrusive tongue kissing); IMHO this completely flies in the face of the very idea of a GFE, which is determined by how the girl makes the client feel rather than by a checklist. Greek means anal sex.  It isn’t commonly offered because one simply can’t trust a client to follow the instructions necessary to keep the experience from being painful, but there are always specialists who cater to customers who want it. Hobbyist is an internet term which means a client who sees escorts as a continuing hobby rather than as an occasional pleasure.  Hobbyists generally frequent internet boards dedicated to their hobby and share information with each other; some of them are excellent clients because they know what’s expected of them, never quibble about money, treat girls well and are scrupulous about keeping appointments.  Unfortunately, the rest of them enjoy the hobby itself more than the girls, and can be nasty and exploitative.  Sometimes the term is used in a broader sense to mean any client, but I think it’s more useful in the strict sense. John is a term used mostly by police, the media and others outside The Life for a customer, as in “John Doe” since they are anonymous.  The first recorded appearance of the term in print is from 1911, but it is unclear whether it originated among streetwalkers or started as an outsiders’ term from the beginning.  Since I have never associated with streetwalkers or worked anywhere but New Orleans I can’t speak for whether any working girls actually use the term, but what I can say is that I never heard one do so, not even once, not even as a joke.  I’ve heard “client”, “customer”, “date”, “patron” and even (once) “trick”, but never “john”.  I myself always preferred “gentleman”, not merely because it’s polite but also evokes Amanda Wingfield’s “gentleman callers” in my mind. MSOG means “Multiple Shots On Goal”, in other words the girl allows the man to have intercourse with her more than once if he can.  It’s an internet term, and I must admit I giggled when it was explained to me.  Many girls won’t allow it, which IMHO is rather stupid on their parts since this exists largely in the realm of male fantasy.  What I mean by that is, though a large percentage of men ask for it (by initials or otherwise), only a tiny percentage can actually accomplish it within the time allotted.  So there’s no harm in agreeing to this because most clients will be too spent after the first time even to attempt it again, and a gentle “but sweetie, if it took you 35 minutes the first time how do you expect to do it a second time in ten?” will take care of most of the rest.  And on those rare occasions where the client is both quick on the trigger and able to perform again, why not let him go twice?  It’s his hour, after all, and he paid good money for it. Pearl Necklace means ejaculation onto a woman’s tits.  This can turn into an unplanned facial if the man ejaculates energetically enough. Popped means the same as “busted”, i.e. arrested. Protection simply means condoms.  A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”). Provider is a neutral internet term for an escort, as in “provider of services”. I don’t much care for this one, as it always reminds me of “The Providers”, those disembodied brains who once abducted Captain Kirk. PSE stands for “Porn Star Experience”.  This is slightly less subjective than its converse “GFE”, and refers to a very energetic escort who is adept at visually impressive stunts like deep throat and accepting of facials and other such porn-movie staples. Russian is holding one’s tits together so a man can rub himself between them; obviously, it’s only possible with rather large tits. Trick is old slang for a session with a client (as in “turn a trick”) or sometimes even a client himself.  It first appeared in print around the same time as “John”, and is still used today among streetwalkers and lower-class escorts in some areas (including New Orleans).  Higher-class girls generally prefer “date” or “call”, and I’ve also heard “job” or “deal”; working girls with musical backgrounds sometimes use “gig”. Troublemakers is the term I preferred for the nasty, sadistic busybodies referred to by others as pigs, liars, busybodies, blue boys, heat, LE and a number of other things…in other words, cops, the single greatest threat to any hooker’s health, safety and livelihood. So, there’s a quick explanation of a very few terms; there are plenty of others, but these are most of the common ones which sprang immediately to mind (though I wouldn’t be surprised if I overlooked a really obvious term or two).  As I said above, these are the ones I know from the internet and New Orleans; to list every one from around the world would probably fill a slim dictionary. Share this: Share Email Facebook Print Twitter Reddit Google Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in Call types, Perception | Tagged anal sex, condoms, cops, disease, ethics, GFE, imaginative fiction, masturbation, oral sex, semen, streetwalkers, Terminology, tits | 21 Comments 21 Responses on September 7, 2010 at 12:38 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom I’ve heard that when teenagers first started describing their get-togethers as “dates” parents freaked out, because up to that time ONLY prostitutes called time spent with a man a “date.” One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. on September 7, 2010 at 1:11 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. Yes, I know that one; I believe it’s of British origin. on September 7, 2010 at 3:21 pm | Reply ant what about half n half, snoball, and blacktoppingk? on September 7, 2010 at 4:03 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill “Half and half” (oral sex followed by intercourse) is only used by streetwalkers, massage parlor girls and other low-end whores who charge by the act rather than by the time period; I’ve never heard it used by an escort. “Snoball” or “snowball” (receiving a man’s ejaculate in one’s mouth, then kissing him and spitting it into his mouth) is a modern “urban” slang term which I suppose might be used about a really skanky, hostile, low-end whore with no concept of personal safety, but certainly isn’t used in the business except perhaps among gay escorts, with whom I’ve never had much contact. And I don’t know the term “blacktopping”, though I have a guess about it; if you choose to explain it, do try to be clinical! on September 7, 2010 at 4:08 pm | Reply ant Heard it on howard stern, so there’s no way i could describe it clinically😉 on September 7, 2010 at 4:35 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill Radio DJ terms are often not real slang; they’re things the DJ comes up with to get around censorship laws (though now that Stern is on Sirius he needn’t worry about that any longer). For example, my husband used to listen to Tom Leykis’ show on occasion and they habitually used the term “hummer” to mean “blow job”. If you wish you can send me the description in an email and I’ll try to rephrase it in as clinical a fashion as I can manage. on September 7, 2010 at 10:15 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Teabagging is something a woman can’t do to a man; dirty sanchez is too disgusting to contemplate; rusty trombone has some similarities to ’round the world; and I’m sure we all know what 69 means (but what about 96?). I’m sure that new terms will spring into being when space tourism gets going and people start joining the 100 Mile High Club. “Baby, do you do the X/Y dodec?” on September 7, 2010 at 11:15 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill With the exception of 69, though, I’ve never heard of a guy specifically requesting any of that stuff from a whore.😦 on September 8, 2010 at 8:36 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom Perhaps that’s just as well. On a totally different note, my cute friend has informed me that “Creole” describes her quite well. She’s Creole and then some. Really exotic and cutesy. It’s too bad she’s so asexual; she’d make a fortune. As you say: it isn’t for everybody. on September 8, 2010 at 8:44 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I’ve known quite a few Creoles, and they are often quite beautiful. Unfortunately, they have largely vanished as an ethic group since most now identify as black. Two of the recent mayors of New Orleans were Creole; both called themselves “white” on their Army enlistment papers but “black” when running for office in a majority-black city, and both married black women. To be sure mixed-race marriages are producing children who would’ve been called Creole in the old days, but they aren’t raised in that subculture. on December 27, 2010 at 5:28 am | Reply Asehpe I’m certainly in favor of making dictionaries, since it’s an important part of my day job. The etymology of these terms (usually metaphors or metonymies) is mostly obvious, but one of them stands out: the ‘Russian’. What gives? ‘Greek’ for anal sex is more or less obvious (via Ancient Greek’s surprisingly high level of acceptance of homosexuals, who suggest sodomy to a Westerner’s mind); but ‘Russian’? (I knew that practice from porn as ‘tit-fucking’; is Russian an euphemism? Does it imply Russian women have large breasts? My wife is Russian, and she doesn’t have large breasts…) on December 27, 2010 at 8:31 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I suspect it does derive from the stereotype of big-titted Russian women. I heard the term for the first time less than ten years ago; when I was in my teens the guy I knew used to refer to it as a “Dutch oven”. on January 1, 2011 at 1:10 am | Reply Jack Parsons The “Venture Brothers” cartoon includes this dialogue: “Prostitute: Okay big fella, you first. I charge you ten bucks for the Gilded Lily, twenty for the Roman Holiday, fifty for The Old Walrus ‘n’ Carpenter,and for seventy-five you can Sleigh Ride Down Kilimanjaro.” These terms were made up to mollify the network. Two previous batches of bogus terms were rejected. And something allegedly genuine: Oh, the French girls with their strings of pearls Think it’s such a burning shame That the local boys with their country joys Never make them daisy chains. They’re swapping disappointing incidents While at the dock another ship pulls in And suddenly the door breaks down (Hourah!) It’s the Seven Deadly Finns! Oh soldiers and sailors Have all been there before: Gigolos and governments Have tumbled through that door. Because they need those French girls With all their kiss-curls And powder in their guns And the Seven Finns with the deadly grins Tend to measure beauty in tons! The first is a freak with a masochistic streak And the second is a kitten up a tree The third is a flirt with an awful print skirt And the fourth is pretending to be me The fifth wears a mac and never turns his back And the sixth never shows his eyes But the Seventh Deadly Finn is so tall and slim, He shouldanever been with those guys. Although variety is the spice of life, A steady rhythm is the source Simplicity is the crucial thing Systemically of course (work it on out like Norbert Weiner) So when those French Girls say to you “Would you like your ashes raked?” You’ll have to take their word for it: It’s the only thing to take… (Yodelling chorus) —————————- http://music.hyperreal.org/artists/brian_eno/7deadly.html (Norbert Wiener was an MIT professor. Brian Eno is Bjork’s predecessor as the smartest and weirdest pop musician.) on January 1, 2011 at 8:26 am | Reply Maggie McNeill That sounds like a sea chanty; my husband has a CD collection of many such bawdy songs.🙂 on September 8, 2011 at 11:16 pm | Reply c andrew Hi Maggie, Speaking of Sea Chanties, here is a modern version. I looked for the original which was a capella, but this is the closest facsimile I could find. You’ll have to forgive the animation and concentrate on the audio. on September 8, 2011 at 11:21 pm | Reply c andrew Looks like I was, ahem, a bit premature in the last post. Here’s the a capella version. on September 9, 2011 at 12:41 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom That was an AAARRRRR-rated song! on September 9, 2011 at 7:11 pm | Reply c andrew I think you AAAARRRRRight there!😉 on September 7, 2011 at 2:01 pm | Reply Rapid ‘Protection simply means condoms. A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”).’ I know a lady who refers to condoms as “condiments”. on November 5, 2011 at 2:43 am | Reply Ornithorhynchus I’ve been hearing jokes on TV about hookers offering ‘Around The World’ since the ’80s, but I never knew what it meant until now. Now if I can only find out what the ‘Lioness On The Cheese-grader’ is. on October 7, 2016 at 4:25 am | Reply Marion Dupree I don’t know about sea shanties about semen..HAR HAR, but awhile back I wrote this: (Hope you enjoy)… Samantha’s Story Unpublished Work, All rights reserved, Copyright © 2010 Written by (Name withheld) Samantha made a living In ways I’m sure you’ll guess And no amount of L.E threats Could convince her to confess The sordid truths and dark desires Her “patrons” would lay bare She would place deep inside her vault (They knew she’d keep them there) These trusting few — these tortured souls They’d found their rapture’s niche She fiercely filled their craven lusts Like panthers on a leash Mercy came to those who cried (But, only if she chose)! The “pain” she gave brought much delight With relentless, stinging blows And then, of course There were her “pets” These meek, they liked to play They’d lick up all she served to them Like liver on a tray Oscar liked his nipples clamped And Fred got off on pies And Larry loved his asshole rammed With cocks of every size And April, she would cum for days If her clit was roughly tweaked And Peter lapped up Samantha’s pee When down her leg it leaked Best of all there were the twins A wild, perverted pair Who loved to singe their private parts While other people stared To lick on toes, or suck a cock Seemed dry to her as toast But stick a jar up some chick’s twat? Who could want a better host? The raunchier, the saucier The more depraved the act Would only fuel her fire for more Joy they would transact. As legend goes, Samantha kept A few lovers for herself For she loved them each Like precious gems Placed high atop a shelf “I’ll shine you up.” She purrs to one “And you – I’ll hose you down.” And “Hands against the wall, my pet – Don’t dare to make a sound!” Lustfully, they all complied To each cruel command she gave They lapped between her thighs when asked – And never misbehaved. “Good pets,” she’d coo, and stroke their heads, “It’s time I take my leave” They’d moan and groan, But knew all too well The rewards they’d soon receive. With shackles on and collars latched She locked them all up tight Leaving them alone in fear As day turned into night. Time crept by and her precious few Were restless, scared and hot But, just then – the door squeaked ajar- And Samantha showed them what she’d bought. “Hello, my pets, did you miss me?” Her voice soothed their throbbing aches “I brought you each a brand new toy, Let’s see the mess we make!” And so it went As it often does She got the best of each She rode them hard, she rode them long For she had so much to teach! And so ends this tale At least for now Of Samantha’s lusty lair So now you know And I’d lay odds – That you wish That you lived there! ‡ Comments RSS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Ways to buy my book This Month September 2010 S M T W T F S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Old Posts Old Posts Select Month October 2016  (7) September 2016  (30) August 2016  (31) July 2016  (31) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (31) February 2016  (29) January 2016  (31) December 2015  (31) November 2015  (30) October 2015  (31) September 2015  (30) August 2015  (31) July 2015  (31) June 2015  (30) May 2015  (31) April 2015  (30) March 2015  (31) February 2015  (28) January 2015  (31) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (30) October 2014  (31) September 2014  (30) August 2014  (31) July 2014  (31) June 2014  (30) May 2014  (31) April 2014  (30) March 2014  (31) February 2014  (28) January 2014  (31) December 2013  (31) November 2013  (30) October 2013  (31) September 2013  (30) August 2013  (31) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (31) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (31) February 2013  (28) January 2013  (31) December 2012  (31) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (31) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (31) July 2012  (31) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (31) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (31) February 2012  (29) January 2012  (31) December 2011  (31) November 2011  (30) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (30) August 2011  (31) July 2011  (31) June 2011  (30) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (31) February 2011  (28) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (30) October 2010  (31) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (31) July 2010  (22) Call me Enter your email address to follow "The Honest Courtesan"; you'll be notified by email whenever Maggie posts something new. Become a Blog Patron If you want to donate but don't want a recurring charge, you can send any amount you like via PayPal to my email address (see below). Be sure to include a note so I can thank you! Contact Maggie If you'd like to ask me a question, click here. If you made a comment and it doesn't appear within a few hours, click on this one. If you'd like to alert me to an interesting item, use this one. And if you have a request, bouquet or brickbat or just want to introduce yourself, this is the one for you. A Few References Ad Scortum Advice for Clients Frequently Told Lies Guided Tour Handy Figures House Rules King of the Hill Maggie's Amazon Wishlist Safety in Numbers Where's My Comment? Friends of Whores Amazing Women Rock An Anthology of English Pros Cliterati Econjeff Feminist Ire Judgy Bitch Literate Perversions Marijke Vonk Narco Polo Nobody's Business Paper Bird Popehat Radley Balko RTFTLC Sarah Woolley Sex and the State Simple Justice Stanley Siegel Talk Geek to Me The Naked Anthropologist Windy Pundit Organizations & Allies Desiree Alliance ESPLERP FIRST International Prostitutes Collective International Sex Worker Foundation for Art, Culture and Education International Union of Sex Workers Naughty New Orleans Network North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition Prostitutes' Education Network Sex Work Activists, Allies and You Sex Worker Open University Sex Workers Outreach Project Sex Workers Without Borders St. James Infirmary SWOP-NOLA Touching Base Women With a Vision Resources Decriminalization Success in New Zealand Dr. Brooke Magnanti on "How To Blog Anonymously" Legal Status of Prostitution by Country Logical Fallacies Loose Women or Lost Women? Sex Trafficking: The Abolitionist Fallacy Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work The Mythology of Prostitution The Philosophy of Liberty Third Wave Foundation's Pro-Sex Work Statement World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights Whorish Media After Hours Bound, Not Gagged Brooke Magnanti was a Sex Worker! Castrating Bitch Girl Furry Girl's Feminisn't Harlot's Parlour Kelly James vs. the TSA La Libertine's Salon Open Source Sex Post-Whore America Sina More Stuff Sex Workers Eat The Honest Catesan The Sex Myth The Time Waster Tits and Sass Vixen for Hire Maggie on TwitterMy Tweets Boring but necessary legal stuff All original content on this website (i.e. all of my columns, pages and anything else which I write myself) is protected under international copyright law as of the time it is posted; though you may link to it as you please or quote passages (as long as you attribute the quote to me), please do not reproduce whole columns without my express written permission. In other words, you have to say "pretty please with sugar on top" first, and then wait for me to say "okey-dokey". Blog at WordPress.com. WPThemes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
1	Home Introduction Index Subject Index (A and B) Subject Index (C and D) Subject Index (E and F) Subject Index (G and H) Subject Index (I and J) Subject Index (K and L) Subject Index (M and N) Subject Index (O and P) Subject Index (Q and R) Subject Index (S and T) Subject Index (U and V) Subject Index (W – Z) Resources Bibliography Filmography Musicography Questions Quotes La Libertine’s Salon Offsite Permanent Links Criticisms, Witticisms & Praise The Honest Courtesan Frank commentary from an unretired call girl Feeds: Posts Comments « To Spite Their Faces They Speak for Themselves » More Terminology September 7, 2011 by Maggie McNeill We cannot even reproduce our thoughts entirely in words.  –  Friedrich Nietzsche My column of one year ago today, “Terminology”, was a glossary of terms used by whores and clients; many of them come from the escort review sites which have become very popular on the internet in the past decade.  Today I’d like to look at a few more such terms, including some that I’ve only learned since my first column on the subject; many of these are acronyms used by internet “hobbyists” in reviews, so I simply never encountered them until I started reading more about review sites and corresponding with internet independents. BCD:  Behind Closed Doors.  This refers to the portion of a date which is spent in the bedroom, i.e. the sexual portion of a session.  It is thus used as a collective reference to sex acts (“BCD activities”) or by girls referring to special “meet over coffee” type deals (“no BCD time”). BFE:  Boy Friend Experience.  It is obviously built on the pattern of “Girl Friend Experience”, which I defined in my previous column; a client might be described as a “BFE” if he’s very nice and easy to deal with, avoids being pushy or demanding, doesn’t haggle and tries to make the date pleasant for the escort by booking multiple hours, taking her to dinner and/or giving her a gift, carrying on an interesting conversation, etc. CIM:  Cum In Mouth.  The use of “cum” to mean “semen” is an American vulgarism dating to the 1920s, and the extension of the vulgar spelling to the verb “come” (which has been colloquially used to mean “have an orgasm” since at least the late Middle Ages, just as the equivalent verb is used in other European languages) is more recent still, dating to perhaps the 1960s.  I don’t think I need to tell any female reader how much ejaculating into a woman’s mouth excites most men, but in the post-HIV world very few whores would allow this.  Unfortunately, as I discussed in my column of February 28th, …in the last decade as escort review sites became steadily more common, many escorts wanted something which would set them apart from the competition.  But the trend really took off just over two years ago when the economy went belly-up; a lot of part-timers lost their regular jobs and therefore needed to bring in more money from hooking, and a lot of amateurs who had never before directly asked for cash flooded into Craigslist and Backpage.  The amateurs had no sense of appropriate professional conduct and the part-timers were desperate to make up the difference from their lost jobs, and so they started to offer things which, while not extremely dangerous like unprotected intercourse, were nonetheless more personal and “edgy” than what had been the norm even as recently as 2007.  And once that happened even many full-time professional escorts were forced to change their policies in order to remain competitive. Though most escorts who allow this still spit or dribble afterward, there are some who offer “BBBJTCNQNS”, which means “bare back blow job to completion, no quittin’, no spittin’”, which I personally consider most unwise. DFK:  Deep French Kissing.  Yes, we didn’t used to allow kissing, either; see the entry for CIM above. DNS:  Do Not See.  Most often used in the formulation “DNS List”, a personal list of men an escort refuses to see because of personal experience, warnings from other girls or statements the listee has made on review boards:  “Any man with an attitude like that goes straight onto my DNS list.” FBSM:  Full-Body Sensual Massage, a combination of therapeutic massage with sensual touching.  See also levels of massage. FIV:  Fingers In Vagina, an activity which I’m far from alone in disliking intensely, though some girls do allow it. LEO:  Law Enforcement Officer, i.e. a vice pig.  Sometimes “Uncle Leo”. Levels (of massage):  A Level 1 (L1) massage is massage with a “happy ending” (i.e. hand job).  Level 2 (L2) massage includes a blow job, and Level 3 (L3) is full service. Lurker:  A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them.  Most of these are the good sort of hobbyists, unlike the bad ones who use their experience and that of others to learn how to cheat, manipulate and intimidate inexperienced escorts. Manmades:  Augmented tits, often abbreviated MMs:  “Maggie has a spectacular set of manmades”. NBA:  No Blacks Allowed.  Escorts with NBA policies will not see black clients for reasons I already discussed at length in my column for September 18th of last year. NCNS:  No Call, No Show.  A client who neither showed for his appointment nor called to cancel; a deadbeat. Nuru massage:  This is not “massage” in the normal sense, but rather consists of the masseuse erotically sliding her naked body up and down against that of her client with the assistance of nuru gel, an odorless, tasteless, colorless and extremely slippery gel made from nori seaweed.  The gel does not dry up and so must be washed off with soap and water; nuru massage thus always ends with a bath or shower.  Nuru massage originated in Japanese bathhouses, or “soaplands”. Outing:  Publicizing the real name of a client or escort, usually to that person’s family; it is considered one of the most reprehensible actions of which someone is capable and will usually result in the total ostracism of the offender. Roses:  A rather silly slang term for “dollars” used in the advertising of inexperienced low-end escorts:  “I expect a donation of 150 roses”. Spinner:  A very thin, petite escort, so called because of the joke that a man can “pick her up and spin her around” while she’s doing cowgirl. Time waster:  A man who has no real intention of paying for an appointment.  Some of them are lonely and just looking for conversation, and others might like to see a girl but are too nervous or frightened to follow through, but most are just cheapskates trying to get free wanking material. TOFTT:  Take One For The Team.  This refers to a hobbyist taking the risk of seeing an unreviewed girl in order to report back to his friends about her. YMMV:  Your Mileage May Vary.  This phrase, borrowed from American automobile advertising, refers to an escort whose performance varies considerably from client to client depending on how she reacts to each individual. Share this: Share Email Facebook Print Twitter Reddit Google Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in Call types, Miscellaneous, Perception | Tagged Backpage, bad customers, brothels, condoms, cops, Craigslist, East Asia, escort review sites, GFE, Japan, massage, semen, sisterhood, Terminology, tits | 34 Comments 34 Responses on September 7, 2011 at 1:16 pm | Reply Marla LEO: Law Enforcement Officer, i.e. a vice pig. Sometimes “Uncle Leo”. Uncle Leo – this reminds me of Seinfeld’s Uncle Leo. I wonder if the term is a reference to that character? Lurker: A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them. These are the good sort of hobbyists… Why are Lurkers more likely to be the good sort of hobbyist than the ones who post on escort boards? on September 7, 2011 at 3:51 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill Independent escorts who post frequently on escort boards could probably explain it better, but the basic issue is that many (though by no means all) of the guys who post frequently on escort boards are prone to looking for “deals”, haggling, sharing ways to scam escorts with each other, trying to bully inexperienced girls into giving them freebies or cut rates in exchange for good reviews, threatening them with bad reviews, or generally playing pimp. Lurkers are the guys who are busy with real life and/or turned off by the locker-room behavior of many of the more board-active hobbyists, and thus only use the boards for information. on September 7, 2011 at 5:55 pm | Reply krulac “Lurker” here … and I agree with you 100 percent. I don’t even think that the escort reviews can be relied upon in most cases. I tend to think that a guy who’s an asshole on the internet is going to be an asshole with a girl – and so that may negatively impact his experience with that girl. I’ve noticed, a few “hobbyists” that are very pleasant natured and very civil to others on those escort forums tend to have a high number of glowing reviews and speak very favorably of girls personally. On those occasions where they have bad experiences – they tend to blow it off by saying the girl is probably very good under most circumstances, but their experience wasn’t thrilling this one time. Even in a bad experience – they’ll find a way to compliment the girl on her looks, or her personality – or some other positive trait she possessed. NBA’s – many escorts in Europe have that policy too – some go farther with an exclusion against Arabs also. on September 7, 2011 at 6:57 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Kama of Kingston had a “No Republicans” policy. If you voted for Bush, she didn’t want you. Had to do with foreign policy, India in particular. I have no idea how she feels about Obama, I don’t know much about him and India, and because her website is gone. She may have another, idk. on September 7, 2011 at 7:00 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill If she was adamant about that, I’m not at all surprised she’s out of business. on September 8, 2011 at 12:18 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom I have to wonder how you enforce such a thing. You don’t get tattooed with R, D, I, or whatever when you vote. Which means she wasn’t having sex with honest Republicans. Ones who lie could still get some. She was also picky about shaving. I was able to find an interview with her, but I think it’s from a few years back. on September 8, 2011 at 9:26 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Exactly. And it would be a ridiculous basis on which to exclude customers even if one could tell; if I had avoided every client whom I thought to be stupid, misguided or guilty of poor judgment I would’ve been a destitute prostitute. on September 7, 2011 at 11:23 pm | Reply Beste Sure some punters do exactly as you describe. But the bullshit/scams goes the other way as well. eg fake positive reviews, false advertising etc on September 8, 2011 at 12:11 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Oh, dear, I would have hoped you had noticed by now that I’m always fair; my column on bad girls was over a year ago now, last August 24th. on September 7, 2011 at 1:51 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Uncle Leo is that bad uncle you don’t want your parents to let babysit you. Unless he works in the space program, of course. Uncle Low Earth Orbit is a good guy. on September 8, 2011 at 9:27 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Maybe, but he’s such a drag. on September 8, 2011 at 12:31 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom {groan}😉 on September 7, 2011 at 5:40 pm | Reply c99 In canada we have a few more that are used in ads. MSOG = multiple shots on goal. Which means you can go as many times as you can in the time period. Very standard here for 1 hr appointments not 30 mins or 15 mins which some offer incall. LFK is light french kissing. on September 7, 2011 at 5:46 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill MSOG and a number of other terms were covered in the previous column. And I’m not saying CIM is “new”, what I’m saying is that most high-end escorts in the United States used to avoid it in the ’80s and ’90s but have recently begun to offer it again. on September 7, 2011 at 6:22 pm | Reply krulac But, in reality – is “CIM” any more dangerous than “BBBJ”? Men always dribble a bit before they shoot. on September 7, 2011 at 6:59 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill It all depends on what the girl’s doing while performing. Speaking only for myself, I absolutely never let anything go any farther than my mouth. on September 8, 2011 at 11:42 pm | Reply JJ Lol is your husband fine with that? on September 9, 2011 at 12:05 am | Reply Maggie McNeill That was past tense, love, and I was speaking of professional interactions rather than personal ones. You may rest assured that my husband has no complaints.😉 on September 9, 2011 at 5:24 am | Reply JJ Lol your husband is a lucky man. Wish I got a chance to see. U b4 u retired😦 on September 9, 2011 at 8:39 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Thank you, JJ!🙂 on September 7, 2011 at 5:42 pm | Reply c99 I dont think CIM is new. In NYC it was very standard for years. on September 8, 2011 at 12:24 am | Reply n/a How many confirmed cases of HIV derive from heterosexual unprotected oral sex? For either party to the act. on September 8, 2011 at 9:29 am | Reply Maggie McNeill None. But there are serious diseases other than HIV. on September 8, 2011 at 12:37 am | Reply Ornithorhynchus So what percentage of hookers do kissing nowadays (if you even know)? I can still remember the first time I heard (from Phil Donohue) that most hookers refused to kiss. I was utterly shocked, and to this day I still find it hard to believe that one could get many customers with such a policy. I would think that kissing would be one of the most important parts of the experience. Maybe I’m a little weird, though. on September 8, 2011 at 9:36 am | Reply Maggie McNeill All that advertise as GFE, which is certainly over half. And you’re totally wrong about the avoidance of kissing being a big problem; there’s a vast difference between announcing “I don’t kiss” and simply avoiding it. I kissed only clients I really liked, and even then I’m not really much of a kisser, yet I was the most popular escort in New Orleans for years. A friend of mine who is an internet independent tells me she largely avoids kissing, yet has plenty of regulars and “DFK” appears in all her reviews. on September 8, 2011 at 8:18 am | Reply bdevereaux On posters versus lurkers: Some posters tend to be chest beating, cock swinging, narcissists wanting to show off to the other guys. What many don’t realize is we read the posts and will “DNS” a guy based off of what they say on the boards (for the reason stated above by krulac). To add a few more terms if I may: TGTBT – Too good to be true. If you see an ad (usually on sites like backpage) of some hot looking young thing that could be a supermodel in Brazil, it’s usually TGTBT and it’s either a sting or a bait and switch. GPS – Golden Pussy Syndrome. Usually complained about by guys who really want to see her but consider her overpriced for their budget. Therefore they accuse her of GPS, saying that she has priced herself too expensive. SDS – (this is a term I made up) Special Dick Syndrome. A guy that thinks he is so great he deserves a discount or that any rules you may have don’t apply to him. on September 8, 2011 at 9:40 am | Reply Maggie McNeill LOL, in New Orleans our term for what you call “GPS” was “platinum pussy syndrome”; I mentioned it in my column of last August 24th. As for the last one there, I used to take pleasure in popping the balloons of (usually young) pompous guys who said stupid things like “I’m young and good-looking, do I get a discount?” by responding with something like, “Oh, you’re young? We charge more for guys under 30 because they’re much more difficult to deal with.” We didn’t really, but I enjoyed hearing them backpedal. on September 10, 2011 at 8:00 am | Reply FlectiNonFrangi Lurker: A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them. These are the good sort of hobbyists… The forums are my Facebook. I don’t want to see pictures of or hear stories of peoples grandchildren. We have a lot of good natured kidding on ECCIE. To think that I am thought of in a negative light because I enjoy posting is really not fair. on September 10, 2011 at 8:48 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I certainly didn’t mean to imply that all the clients who post are bad ones; in fact you might look at my original definition of “hobbyist” from one year ago today, which points out that many hobbyists are among the best of clients! I merely meant that a certain group of those who post frequently are dedicated to bad behavior, and that the lurkers are usually outside of that. It is true, however, that I’ve heard many escorts make blanket negative statements about hobbyists, so perhaps those like yourself who are concerned about being included in that should make an effort to rein in those who engage in the odious behaviors. on August 2, 2013 at 4:00 pm | Reply MadisonElegant i wonder why kissing is so important to men… hell they can’t even do it right… i do not mind but some guys kiss like it is their first time in the back seat of the car,,, way too aggressive can’t control their tongue and then half of them want to stick it in your throat… get a grip on August 2, 2013 at 11:57 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom A lot of women complain, outside of their hearing, that the men in their lives are bad at this, that, or the other thing. Inside of his hearing they tell their men that they are sexual supermen. So why do you THINK men don’t improve their technique? If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it, and we’ve all been told by the one person who should know that it ain’t broke. on February 3, 2015 at 10:40 pm | Reply NightMoves I took up the new hobby about 6 months ago. I am in my 60’s and my wife closed up shop about ten years ago. Prior to that, I was monogamous. Three ladies into my experience, I am delighted and feel so much better about myself. I always make sure I am welcomed back, through a respectful demeanor and gifts. I am lucky to have met them! Also, your deciphering the various acronyms is VERY helpful! on August 28, 2015 at 8:13 pm | Reply dave ROSES, this used to mean $50, because a $50 bill is red. This was standard pre-internet language in classified ads in papers, you could not mention money in any way, so rates were always quoted as a number of roses. This recent use resurgence of roses to mean dollars is very silly. on March 11, 2016 at 6:05 pm | Reply Sarg@Arms Only in Canada, Dave! Only in Canada! Comments RSS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Ways to buy my book This Month September 2011 S M T W T F S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Old Posts Old Posts Select Month October 2016  (7) September 2016  (30) August 2016  (31) July 2016  (31) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (31) February 2016  (29) January 2016  (31) December 2015  (31) November 2015  (30) October 2015  (31) September 2015  (30) August 2015  (31) July 2015  (31) June 2015  (30) May 2015  (31) April 2015  (30) March 2015  (31) February 2015  (28) January 2015  (31) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (30) October 2014  (31) September 2014  (30) August 2014  (31) July 2014  (31) June 2014  (30) May 2014  (31) April 2014  (30) March 2014  (31) February 2014  (28) January 2014  (31) December 2013  (31) November 2013  (30) October 2013  (31) September 2013  (30) August 2013  (31) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (31) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (31) February 2013  (28) January 2013  (31) December 2012  (31) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (31) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (31) July 2012  (31) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (31) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (31) February 2012  (29) January 2012  (31) December 2011  (31) November 2011  (30) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (30) August 2011  (31) July 2011  (31) June 2011  (30) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (31) February 2011  (28) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (30) October 2010  (31) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (31) July 2010  (22) Call me Enter your email address to follow "The Honest Courtesan"; you'll be notified by email whenever Maggie posts something new. Become a Blog Patron If you want to donate but don't want a recurring charge, you can send any amount you like via PayPal to my email address (see below). Be sure to include a note so I can thank you! Contact Maggie If you'd like to ask me a question, click here. If you made a comment and it doesn't appear within a few hours, click on this one. If you'd like to alert me to an interesting item, use this one. And if you have a request, bouquet or brickbat or just want to introduce yourself, this is the one for you. A Few References Ad Scortum Advice for Clients Frequently Told Lies Guided Tour Handy Figures House Rules King of the Hill Maggie's Amazon Wishlist Safety in Numbers Where's My Comment? Friends of Whores Amazing Women Rock An Anthology of English Pros Cliterati Econjeff Feminist Ire Judgy Bitch Literate Perversions Marijke Vonk Narco Polo Nobody's Business Paper Bird Popehat Radley Balko RTFTLC Sarah Woolley Sex and the State Simple Justice Stanley Siegel Talk Geek to Me The Naked Anthropologist Windy Pundit Organizations & Allies Desiree Alliance ESPLERP FIRST International Prostitutes Collective International Sex Worker Foundation for Art, Culture and Education International Union of Sex Workers Naughty New Orleans Network North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition Prostitutes' Education Network Sex Work Activists, Allies and You Sex Worker Open University Sex Workers Outreach Project Sex Workers Without Borders St. James Infirmary SWOP-NOLA Touching Base Women With a Vision Resources Decriminalization Success in New Zealand Dr. Brooke Magnanti on "How To Blog Anonymously" Legal Status of Prostitution by Country Logical Fallacies Loose Women or Lost Women? Sex Trafficking: The Abolitionist Fallacy Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work The Mythology of Prostitution The Philosophy of Liberty Third Wave Foundation's Pro-Sex Work Statement World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights Whorish Media After Hours Bound, Not Gagged Brooke Magnanti was a Sex Worker! Castrating Bitch Girl Furry Girl's Feminisn't Harlot's Parlour Kelly James vs. the TSA La Libertine's Salon Open Source Sex Post-Whore America Sina More Stuff Sex Workers Eat The Honest Catesan The Sex Myth The Time Waster Tits and Sass Vixen for Hire Maggie on TwitterMy Tweets Boring but necessary legal stuff All original content on this website (i.e. all of my columns, pages and anything else which I write myself) is protected under international copyright law as of the time it is posted; though you may link to it as you please or quote passages (as long as you attribute the quote to me), please do not reproduce whole columns without my express written permission. In other words, you have to say "pretty please with sugar on top" first, and then wait for me to say "okey-dokey". Blog at WordPress.com. WPThemes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
1	To make the most out of your visit to Skipthegames.com, please enable Javascript Skip the games. Get satisfaction. Find escorts I am a Man Woman Couple looking for a Female escort Male escort for men TS escort Massage or massage studio Domination or fetish Male escort for women Stripper or strip club Phone or website (cam) Adult job posting Please enter city or area Hide the search bar Skip the games Escort terms, sex definitions and abbreviations in escort ads Escort terms, sex definitions and abbreviations in escort ads October 27, 2013 | About escorts This is an escort terms / escort slang dictionary of words used to describe various sexual activities in escort ads. Each sex term is followed by a definition and every escort abbreviation is explained. C Top Ten most frequently used terms in escort ads A-Level / Greek BBBJ CIM DATY DFK GFE A vague term today, it used to mean “BBBJ + CFS + DFK + DATY + MSOG”. MSOG PSE Russian Safe 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Y Other common Internet abbreviations 0-9 3G Get In. Get off. Get out. 411 Information, intelligence, intel. e.g. “I got the 411 on her from hobbyhorse”. In the context of online forums requests for information about ASPs are labeled “411“, e.g., “411 Redhead Rianna”. 420 or 420 friendly An ASP that will smoke marijuana with you. A bit of advice: Adding drugs to your hobbying mix tends to give you a MUCH larger profile on Uncle Leo’s radar. An ASP who has a rep for being 420-friendly is likely getting way more attention from Uncle Leo than the more conservative hobbyists would prefer. 69 Mutual, simultaneous oral sex. $ The dollar sign (or collection of dollar signs) is sometimes used imply the price range of the services offered/provided. E.g., $ = $100, $$ = $200, $$$ = $300 and so on. Often .5 signifies $50, so $$.5 would mean $250. A Back to top Escort terms starting with A AAMP Apartment-based Asian massage parlor, as opposed to a commercial establishment. ABC American-born Chinese, also known as “banana”: yellow outside, white inside. ABJ American-born Japanese. AC/DC Bisexual. A-Level British parlance for anal sex. See also Greek. abrasion Rubbing the body with a variety of materials from raw silk to leather to sandpaper. adult baby creche A parent-child roleplay with one participant taking care of another. Also called ageplay, it can include the wearing and changing of diapers as well as bottle feeding. agency An organization or individual that manages many providers. The agency handles all calls, bookings and advertising. The agency takes a percentage of the fee for each session. Ageplay Scenes in which at least one participant pretends to be significantly younger than he or she actually is. All covered Also all covered play. With condom. amazon A tall, strong, often masculine woman. AMP Asian Massage Parlor. animal play Animal transformation fantasy: Games and scenes in which the sub (bottom) acts or dresses like a dog, cat, horse, etc. See ponyboy, ponygirl. AO Will see Asian clients only. ASP Adult Service Provider. analingus aka “Asian”: oral stimulation of the anus. Around The World Rimming. Oral sex on the anus of either sex, analingus Three acts in a session: oral, vaginal and anal Analingus and fellatio Asian Oral sex on the anus of either sex, analingus, aka rimming, DATO. Asian Cowgirl cowgirl with girl squatting. ATF All Time Favorite. ATM Ass To Mouth. Penis, finger or toy comes out of receiver’s anus, and goes directly into receiver’s mouth. attempts Trying to reach orgasm. e.g. ASP allowed multiple attempts: means the ASP allows more than one orgasm per session if the client is able and interested. aka MSOG. Aunt Flo Menstruation, period. ‘Being visited by Aunt Flo‘. B Back to top B&D Bondage and Discipline. B&S, bait & switch Describes a situation where ASP advertisements, which may include photos, written or verbal descriptions, do not match the ASP who shows up, or which has been grossly misrepresented the ASP. babyback Petite, young, attractive Asian woman. baby dyke A young lesbian or someone who is just coming out of the closet. bag Condom, with a condom, e.g. “BJ in a bag” = CBJ or “I filled the bag” = orgasm. Baja Sur Genitals. From the Spanish “the low south”. balloons Breast implants. bare back, bareback, BB Without a condom. Depending upon context it may be used as shorthand for intercourse without a condom (BBFS). barracuda An ASP whose only purpose is to separate you from your money as quickly as possible, preferably without giving you anything in return. Batin Groin massage, but sometimes means hand job (from Malaysia). BBBJ Bare Back Blow Job. fellatio without a condom; aka “un-translated French” (UTF). BBBJNQNS Bare Back Blow Job No Quit No Spit; oral sex performed to completion with swallowing. BBBJTC Bareback Blowjob To Completion. Oral stimulation of the penis to orgasm without a condom. (May spit or swallow), aka CIM. BBBJTCWS Bare Back Blow Job to Completion with Swallowing. BBBJWF Bareback Blowjob With Facial. BBFS Sexual intercourse without a condom. BBK Big beautiful knockers. BBW Big Beautiful Woman. An escort, ASP, who caters to clientele that prefer overweight, obese women. BCD Behind Closed Doors. Often used to mean activities that will be described to a privileged listener or nobody at all. BDSM Bondage, Discipline, Sado-Masochism. This is a catch-all to refer to the various aspects of negotiated, mutually consensual exchange of power between two consenting adults. Regardless of the depth of the relationship, consent, safety and sanity are the cornerstone of this lifestyle. Bear A large hairy (homosexual) man. beard A person of the opposite sex who marries or dates a closeted lesbian or gay person to cover up their homosexuality. In the past, often lesbians married gay men so that both could “pass” as straight, either for work or for their families. beret A condom. BF boyfriend. BFE Boyfriend Experience, A subjective term used primarily by ASP to describe good clients. birdwatching BBBJTCWS or CIM and ASP swallows. See BBBJNQNS, NQNS. bisexual A person who is sexually and emotionally attracted to both women and men. blackhole Anus. blue pill or blue steel Viagra. BJ Blow job, fellatio, French. Oral stimulation of the penis. BL Body Lick. BLS Ball Licking and Sucking. BNG Blow-n-go, a 15-minute oral-only session. Body-Rub A massage or massage-like service. Used instead of “massage”, usually to indicate sexual stimulation (usually a handjob) is included and the person performing the service is not licensed as a massage therapist, aka FBSM, Sensual Massage. Bondage chair A piece of furniture, sometimes a very complex one, with varying number of restraints to keep a sub at dom’s mercy. Boston Marriage In the late nineteenth century, it was common for two unmarried women to share a home. Many women, particularly those who were college educated, lived in long-term unions with other women. These relationships became known as “Boston Marriages”. Bottom In homosexual parlance: the passive partner. In BDSM: the submissive. Breath control A type of BDSM play in which the Dom controls the Sub‘s access to oxygen. Can be dangerous. brown eye Anus. brown shower Defecation on your partner. BS or body slide Service where the ASP may slide their body on the client’s body using oil. BSB Bus stop babe. bukkake A variety of fetish that involves repeated ejaculation of a female by many men. See also gokkon. bulldagger A term that was used in the 1920s to define a very butch lesbian. Often African American. bulldyke A very masculine lesbian. businessmen-only, gentlemen-only or professional-only A subjective request used in ASP advertising as a pre-screen for clients. The ASP posts this in hopes of attracting “better” clientele. butch A woman who adopts what would be considered masculine characteristics. Also a masculine homosexual. butter face A women whose body is very attractive, but her face is not. Everything looks good but ‘er face. C Back to top Camp Effeminate male – from KAMP, Known As Male Prostitute. canine, K9 See Doggy style. cash and dash A rip-off. The person posing as an ASP shows up, takes your money, doesn’t provide any services or might offer to “dance” (but more often than not does not), and leaves with the cash, aka dance and dash, ROB. CBJ Covered Blow Job. Blowjob or with a condom on, aka translated French (TF). CBT Cock and ball torture: application of clamps, cages, weights, wax, etc to male genitals as either punishment or tease and denial. Can be dangerous. CC Rider An ASP who is FS for $200/hr or less. The “CC” bit is the Roman numeral for 200. CCL Concentration Camp Look. CD cross-dresser. A person, and especially a male who adopts the dress and often the behavior typical of the opposite gender especially for purposes of emotional or sexual gratification. A person who sometimes wears the clothing and aesthetics of a gender other than the one they typically wear in their daily lives. See also transvestite CDS Covered Doggy Style. CFM Come Fuck Me, usually refer to the look of a person. CFS Covered Full Service. Sexual intercourse (coitus) with a condom. CG Cowgirl: she’s on top facing you. Chump A man who gives his money and/or his attention to women without getting any pussy in return. Largely a phenomenon experienced by American men when dating American women. CID Cum In Deep. The provider lets you come inside her with no condom. See BBFS. CIH Cum in Hair. CIM Cum In Mouth (in the context of fellatio without a condom (UTF/BBBJ)), see also NQNS, BBBJTC. civilian A person who makes them self available for sexual encounters but not for financial gain. May be less discreet than an ASP and more interested in a relationship. Not to be confused with non-pro. CL Craig’s List. The classifieds board of the internet, and formerly a free place for providers to advertise. Not so much a of player since the removal of Adult and Erotic services. clock watcher An ASP who counts the minutes until the session is over. Usually used to describe an ASP who rushes and does not enjoy her work. CMD Carpet Matches Drapes (typically a natural blonde). CMP Chinese Massage Parlor. CMT Certified Massage Therapist. Generally a CMT is not an ASP. While an ASP specializing in massage services might be a CMT, it is unwise to assume a CMT is an ASP. Very unwise. COB Cum On Body. Man ejaculates on a woman’s body. COF Cum On Face. Man ejaculates on woman’s face, aka face painting or facial. COH Cum on Hair. Cottage To cottage: to look for sexual partners in public bathrooms. Synonym: to cruise. coitus Sexual intercourse characterized by the male penis entering the female vagina. collar and cuffs match A euphemism to indicate that pubic hair color matches color of the hair on the head; natural hair coloring. Sometimes also referred to as ‘carpet & curtains match’. COM Cum Over Mouth (in the context of fellatio without a condom (UTF/BBBJ)). Lots of women hate swallowing so use the term C-0-M instead of C-I-M. commercial company a euphemism for prostitution generally used by truckers. completion Orgasm. e.g. Bareback blowjob to completion. cover A condom. covered Various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid sexually transmitted diseases. (e.g. Covered Blowjob means a condom was used.). Cowgirl ‘Girl on top’ position for sexual intercourse. Sometimes abbreviated CG (though this can be confused with the abbreviation for Call Girl as well. Mind the context for clarification.). crime scene action Sexual activity during the provider’s period (while menstruating). See also red wings. crone The word “crone” was (and in some circles still is) a derogatory term for an old woman. In the 1970s, during the feminist movement, lesbians began to adopt the word crone to mean a wise older woman. Today, in lesbian and feminist circles, a crone is a wise older woman whose life experience demands that she be treated with respect. cruising Looking for prostitutes while driving. Cyber-equivalents aren’t hard to imagine. Also, in homosexual slang, this is the same as “cottaging“. crushing Fetish relating to dominance and control; a desire to see small, defenseless animals crushed under women’s high heels. cunnilingus Oral stimulation of a woman’s genitalia. ‘giving head’ to a woman. ‘going down on’ a woman. cups of coffee Orgasms, e.g. multiple cups of coffee means the provider allows more than one orgasm. D Back to top dance and dash A rip-off. The person posing as an ASP shows up, takes your money, doesn’t provide any services or might offer to “dance” (but more often than not does not), and leaves with the cash. See cash and dash, ROB. DAP Digital anal probe, see digital penetration, aka digits. date (1) A session with an ASP. (2) A person who patronizes an ASP. date rape drug Rohypnol (generic name flunitrazepam) has been associated with date rape, and has also been called the “Forget Pill,” “Trip-and-Fall,” and “Mind-Erasers.” In combination with alcohol, it can induce a blackout with memory loss and a decrease in resistance. Girls and women around the country have reported being raped after being involuntarily sedated with Rohypnol, which was often slipped into their drink by an attacker. The drug has no taste or odor so the victims don’t realize what is happening. About ten minutes after ingesting the drug, the woman may feel dizzy and disoriented, simultaneously too hot and too cold, or nauseated. She may experience difficulty speaking and moving, and then pass out. Such victims have no memories of what happened while under the drug’s influence. DATO Dining At The O. Analingus, oral stimulation of the anus. See also rimming and Asian. DATY Dine At The “Y”; cunnilingus. DDE Doesn’t Do Extras. Implies the ASP has a very limited and stringently adhered to menu. DDF Drug and Disease Free. DDG Drop Dead Gorgeous. DDP Double Digit Penetration (vagina and anus). deep throat or DT fellatio where the whole length of the penis is “swallowed”. defender A hobbyist who defends or “comes to the rescue” of a provider who has been reviewed or spoken of poorly, regardless of whether the review or comments are accurate, aka White Knight. deposit a payment in advance of a session. Deposits are usually used by ASPs as a hedge against no-shows. DFE Dead Fish Experience. DFF Dead Fish Fuck. DFK Deep French Kissing. Kissing with deep, substantial tongue contact. diesel dyke A very butch or manly lesbian, especially one who is very aggressive. digital penetration Insertion of the fingers (or toes) in the vagina or anus for the purpose of sexual stimulation. This has nothing to do with the insertion of digital devices up anyone’s orifice—hold on to those iPads! Dirty Sanchez When two people engage in anal sex, then the person who has been ‘giving it’ to the other’s ass takes his penis or penis-like implement and rubs it on the other person’s upper lip leaving a moustache. DIY Do It Yourself (masturbation). See also self-service. doggie style Rear entry position for sexual intercourse. See Spanish. Dominant In BDSM, a person who administers the training to a submissive. Often shortened to Dom. donation A euphemism for a payment to an ASP. Generally considered a feeble dodge against legal concerns: after all if you are giving the ASP a donation or gift, you are not paying for sex. double penetration when a person (generally a female) has two objects (generally penises) simultaneously inserted in any two of the mouth, anus or vagina (most commonly the anus and vagina). doubles A threesome with two ASPs. DP Double Penetration Digital Penetration Drag king A woman who dresses to look like a man, usually for performance. Drag kings are often lesbian, but not always. Drag queen A male who dresses like a female, usually for performance. DS doggiestyle. DSL Dick-sucking lips. DT or deep throat fellatio where the whole length of the penis is “swallowed”. dyke Another word for lesbian. Usually is only used by people who are gay, lesbian, bisexual or trans. A straight person using this word may offend some people. E Back to top ED Erectile Dysfunction. EE Erotic Enema. Ellie Law Enforcement. The euphemism stems from the fact that people would refer to Law Enforcement with the abbreviation, “LE”. When expressed phonetically it was confused with the female name, “Ellie“. Since confusion and chaos rule despite people’s best efforts—. EMA Extra-Marital-Affairs. Affairs after marriage, but before divorce. EMP European Massage Parlor (white girls). English Segment of bondage and discipline; including spanking /whipping. enhancements Implants, most commonly breast implants, but sometimes penile implants (depending upon context). envelope Often cash payments for an ASP’s services are placed in an envelope. Rather than handing the ASP cash directly, or discussing money, the envelope is left in a conspicuous location for the ASP to discreetly pick up. EOM End of Message. Used in a subject line of a forum post to indicate no further content in body of message—where the title is intended to be sufficient. escort definition An escort is an Adult entertainer who is compensated for his or her time and companionship. escort mall, mall A website that advertises many different ASPs. The ASPs may be independent or agency, and may or may not be associated with each other, or with the mall. F Back to top F2F A female doing something to (providing a service for) a female. f2m A female doing something to (providing a service for) a male. face painting Man ejaculates on woman’s face, aka facial or COF. face sitting In BDSM, a form of erotic humiliation, whereby the dom sits on the face of a sub to force oral-genital or oral-anal contact. facial Man ejaculates on woman’s face, aka face painting or COF. Fag hag A woman who likes homosexual males. Fairy A male homosexual. FBSM Full Body Sensual Massage. A massage usually ending with a hand job. Often times the provider is nude or topless, aka Body Rub, Sensual Massage. Spelled “FBSM+”, means “with a bonus” and usually means a BJ. fellatio Oral stimulation of the penis, aka Blow Job (BJ), ‘giving head’ (f2m or m2m). femme A feminine lesbian, cf. butch. FDAU Face down, ass up. FFF The strategy of “Find them, Fuck them, Forget them”. fisting The act or art of putting a fist in an anus or vagina. Apparently a very popular practice among more evolved (kinky) gays. It requires great care and huge amounts of lubrication. FIA Finger In Ass. FIR Finger In Rear.Fire and ice providing a blowjob with the mouth filled alternately with hot tea and ice. FIV Finger In Vagina, digital stimulations. Five-O A police officer (uniformed or undercover). The cultural reference stems from the 1970’s TV show “Hawaii 5-O”, which derived its name from the name for Hawaii State Police force. FJ Foot Job. Stimulation of the penis using feet and toes. FK French Kissing. FKK Frei Körper Kultur, German nudist subculture. FL Free Lance. flake One who exhibits flaky or erratic behavior. Often used to describe ASPs or hobbyists who no-show and/or have scheduling issues. FMF Threesome designation: female, male, female. FOB Fresh off the boat, a recent immigrant. FOBU Fat-Old-Bald-Ugly. FOTC Fuck Of The Century. FOV Finger Outside Vagina. FR Field Report, Fuck Review. Foot fetish aka Foot warship – intense sexual interest in the shape, size, smell, texture and other characteristic of a foot. French Oral stimulation of the penis. Fellatio. “Translated” = with a condom. “Untranslated” = without a condom. French Kissing Kissing on mouth with tongue contact French letter Condom. FS Full service. Sexual intercourse (coitus) to completion. FTF Fun To Fuck. FUD Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt. What some (asshole) posters try to spread when they post on public forums with false accusations of LE activity and STD outbreaks. full meal deal Sexual intercourse (coitus) to completion, aka Full Service. FUTB Finger Up The Butt. G Back to top Gayborhood A gayborhood is a gay-friendly neighborhood or an area of town where gays and lesbians are known to live. Gaydar The ability to determine who is and isn’t gay. Gay dirt An attractive young male used by the police to entrap homosexuals. gender expression The physical manifestation of one’s gender identity, usually expressed through clothing, mannerisms, and chosen names. gender identity A person’s internal sense of being a man or woman or boy or girl. For transgender people, their gender identity will not match the gender with which they were born. gender identity disorder A term used by physicians and psychologists to classify people who are transgender or transsexual. gender variance Behavior that is different from traditionally defined “masculine” in males and “feminine” in females. genderqueer Someone who transgresses boundaries of gender identity and sexual orientation. gentlemen only businessmen-only or professional-only. A subjective request used in ASP advertising as a pre-screen for clients. The ASP posts this in hopes of attracting a “better” clientele. Get brain Receive a blowjob. get comfortable Get naked. As a feeble dodge of law enforcement, an ASP may ask a client to “get comfortable” or “make yourself comfortable” before a session, this means to get fully undressed. GF Girlfriend. GFE Girlfriend Experience. A frequently used, but utterly nebulous term. It refers to a session that is more like lovemaking with a girlfriend than a commercial service, whatever that means! It generally implies more about the tone & tenor of the session than about specific services provided, but many believe GFE should include the possibility of DFK, DATY, UTF and a broad array of FS positions. GF3 Girlfriend experience with all three holes. girl crush When two women have strong feelings for one another, but not in a sexual way. A girl crush is strong infatuation that one woman has for another woman who seems beautiful, sophisticated, charming or accomplished. It usually refers to heterosexual women. Glory hole A literal hole in the wall between two spaces. The legendary purpose of this hole is to insert one’s penis in hopes of receiving an anonymous (this is the main thrill) handjob, blowjob or coitus. glove condom. GND Girl Next Door. GOG Girl-On-Girl. gokkon A variety of fetish that involves swallowing and/or ingesting copious amounts of semen by either a man or a woman. See also bukkake. Golden shower, GS Urinating on your partner, urine play. See also water sports. Gold star lesbian A lesbian who has never slept with a man and has no intention of ever sleeping with a man. Gorean A BDSM subculture owing its existence to the world of Gor from the novels by John Norman. Gorean philosophy assigns stereotypical, “natural” roles to genders. Greek anal sex; anal sexual intercourse; penetration of the anus by the penis. GSM G-Spot Massage. H Back to top Half & Half BJ followed by FS; a combination of both oral sex and sexual intercourse; fellatio & coitus. Handballing Inserting a fist (optionally – with a part of the forearm) into the rectum. hard sports Giving or receiving. Playing with feces, also known as scat play or brown showers. Hardwood floors Clean-shaven pubic area. Hasbian A woman who used to identify as a lesbian and dated women, but is now dating men. hat condom. HC High Class. HDH High Dollar Hottie. HE Happy Ending: usually a handjob or a blowjob after a massage. Herb friendly Is amenable to marijuana use, aka 420 friendly. A bit of advice: Adding drugs to your hobbying mix tends to give you a MUCH larger profile on Uncle Leo’s radar. An ASP, who has a rep for being herb friendly likely is getting way more attention from Uncle Leo than the more conservative hobbyists would prefer. HH Half Hour. HHHJ Half Hearted Hand Job. hidden charges An ASP takes the advertised fee upfront, but in the midst of the session she asks for more money for more services. (e.g. She might undress and give a massage for the advertised $$, but then ask for an additional $ for French, or $$ for FS, etc.), aka upselling. Hindu massage The woman contracts her vaginal muscles during sex to squeeze you to completion (Argentina). HJ or Handjob Masturbation; hand & finger stimulation of the penis by the ASP, aka hand release, manual release. HM High Mileage. A derogatory reference to the number of sexual partners a person may have had. Conveys an implication of showing the ‘wear and tear’ of the said mileage. HME Honeymoon Experience. Supposedly better than a GFE, and even more nebulous. It refers to a session that is comparable to the intensity and passion of lovemaking while on one’s honeymoon. Mostly marketing hype. hobby Slang, euphemistic reference to the business of a client enlisting the services of an ASP. hobbyist Slang, euphemistic reference to one who (actively) participates in ‘the hobby‘. homophobia Fear or dislike of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people. hooker Prostitute. Hostess club A lower end strip club where bargaining for sex acts with the dancers is acceptable, and some activities may occur on premises. Hotdogging Also hotdoggin’. The pseudo-sexual act of placing the penis between the butt cheeks of the receiving partner. The penis being the “Hotdog” and the butt cheeks being the “Bun”. There is no intercourse, and usually no ejaculation. This is mainly a comical practice, and usually enjoyed by the giver more than the receiver. See also Italian. HTUMA Her/His Tongue Up My Ass, analingus. human ashtray Waste receptacle at the services of superior human beings. humiliation Actions aimed to cause a submissive a feeling they long after. These are the things they normally don’t do, like wearing bizarre clothing, having sex in public, playing puppy or pony, or accepting verbal abuse. Hustler A male prostitute. Same as punk. HWP Height and Weight Proportional. “Normal” build. I Back to top Incall Client meet the ASP at her location. independent, indie An ASP who works on her own, without an agency affiliation. The ASP manages her own calls, bookings, advertising and finances. interpreter Condom (e.g. She spoke French without the aid of an interpreter = BBBJ). intersex A person born with ambiguous genitalia or genitalia of both sexes. Used to be called hermaphrodite. IPO Initial Public Offering. Used to denote the public introduction of a new ASP, usually via a review. ISO In Search Of. A post/inquiry looking for something (presumably ‘something’ specific). Italian Similar to Russian, but the penis is placed between the partner’s butt cheeks. See also hotdogging. J Back to top Jack Shack An establishment (massage parlor, lingerie modelling) that is not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and hand job, but more services might be available. Jimmy Hat A condom. John A man who patronizes prostitutes, a hobbyist. K Back to top K9 Canine, or doggy style. Kama Sutra or Kamasutra A Sanskrit treatise setting forth rules for sensuous and sensual pleasure, love, and marriage in accordance with Hindu law. KGFE Korean GFE: with CBJ rather than BBBJ. Kitty Vagina and/or surrounding areas. The words you can expect to see used together with K. are “bald”, “partly shaven”, “trimmed”, “natural”. L Back to top L/A/S Looks/Attitude/Service: A subjective ranking system where each criteria is separately ranked, from lowest (1) to highest (10). Examples: 2/9/8 = Unattractive, but very friendly and good sex. 10/5/4 = Model material, but a poor attitude, and mediocre sex. LASER Same as above + Expense and (would or wouldn’t) Repeat. labrys A double-sided axe that the Amazons were said to use as their main weapon. Lesbians have adopted the labrys as symbol of power and independence. Many lesbians wear necklaces or earrings with a labrys symbol as a way to identify themselves to other lesbians. Landing strip A style of pubic hair sculpting resulting in a narrow vertical strip. Lapdog A hobbyist who worships an ASP to excess. Lay down doggie Also lazy dog. Doggie style with woman flat on stomach. LD Lap dance. LDL Low dollar looker, the opposite of HTH. LE Law Enforcement. LEO Law Enforcement Officer. lesbian A woman who is sexually and emotionally attracted to other women. LFK Light French Kiss. Kissing with only light tongue involvement. LGBT An abbreviation for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender. Lipstick lesbian A woman who loves other women, but also loves her clothes and makeup and shoes. She tends to dress on the femme side. Little blue helper Viagra. LK Light Kissing (closed mouth). LMP Licensed Massage Practitioner. See also CMT. Can also mean “Latin Massage Parlor”. LMT Licensed Massage Therapist. See also CMT. Lone Star Lesbian A woman who has only had sex with one other woman in their life. Straight and bisexual people can be Lone Stars as well, but Lone Star Hetero doesn’t sound nearly as interesting. LOS Land of smiles, Thailand. lot lizard A prostitute that works primarily in truck stop parking lots (usually soliciting from a CB radio). LPIN Legal prostitute in Nevada. LTR Long Term Relationship. When an ASP drops out of the business for a very substantial stipend, paid weekly, or monthly for exclusivity she is said to be in a long term relationship. See also sugar daddy. M Back to top m2f A male doing something to (providing a service for) a female. m2m A male doing something to (providing a service for) a male. Madame Proprietress of an agency. Maid In a British parlour, the person who answers the phone and books the schedule. Mall Also escort mall. A website like Skipthegames.com that advertises a variety of escorts or ASPs. The ASPs may be independent or agency, and may or may not be associated with each other, or with the mall. Mamasan Female manager of an asian massage parlor. Man in a boat, little man in a boat Clitoris. Manual release Stimulation of the penis to orgasm using hand and fingers, aka hand job, hand release. Massage A method of treating the body for remedial or hygienic purposes, including but not limited to rubbing, stroking, kneading, or tapping with the hand or an instrument or both. It may, but does not necessarily, include sexual stimulation. Sensual Massage indicates a massage with sexual stimulation (usually a hand job). MBR Multiple Bell Ringing (MSOG). Mediterranean Anal sex or analingus, e.g. “She took me on a trip to the Mediterranean.”. See also Greek. Menu The services generally considered available from a particular ASP. merkin Pubic hair wig / toupee. Also, something George W. Bush has repeatedly said he is proud to be. MFF Threesome designation: Male, female, female. MFM Threesome designation: male, female, male. MG Massage Girl. MIB Man in blue, law enforcement officer. Mileage A subjective term that describes value for money and/or how accommodating an ASP is. Good mileage usually means she either charges less than average, provides better L/A/S than average, or both. MILF Mom/Mother I’d Like to Fuck. Missionary Also mish. A position for sexual intercourse where the man is on top. MJ Massage Job. ML Make Love Massage Lady MMF Threesome designation: male, male, female. Mohawk A pubic hair style leaving a narrow strip of hair in the middle of the pubic area, aka landing strip, muff hawk, cock mohawk. Monger Short for whore monger. One who frequents prostitutes. See also hobbyist. MP Massage Parlor Multiple Positions Multiple Pops (MSOG) MPA Massage Parlor Attendant. MPCFS Multiple Positions Covered Full Service. MPOS Multiple Positions Oral Sex. MSOG Multiple Shots On Goal, also Multiple Pops. The ASP allows you the opportunity to climax more than once during the session. Mummification Wrapping a person up with layers material in order to immobilize them (nose and mouth are left open for breathing). Used to induce the feeling of utter helplessness. Can be considered a form of sensory deprivation. N Back to top NC/NS, NCNS No Call / No Show. See also no-show. Newbie Newb, a novice hobbyist or novice ASP. NGP Non/Not Genuine Photos. NMG No-Money Guys. Hobbyists who are on a strict (generally low) budget for hobbying. Nooner A lunch-time or afternoon session, popular with married hobbyists. Non-pro A person who makes her/himself available for sexual encounters for financial gain only occasionally (possibly to meet some short-term financial needs). May be less discreet than a provider and more interested in a relationship. Some argue that ‘the line’ is more definitive: if you take money, then you are a professional. No-show When an ASP or hobbyist doesn’t show up for an appointment and has not contacted the other party in advance to cancel or warn of problems in making the appointment. A very annoying and, unfortunately, too common occurrence in the hobby. When the offending party doesn’t call afterwards to offer an explanation and/or apology the situation is referred to as a No-Show/No-Call (NS/NC) and is considered an even more egregious offense. No-touch No touching allowed. (e.g. no-touch Jack shack, no-touch strip club). NQBC Non-quitter, but covered. CBJ to completion. NQBS Non-quitter, but spitter. BBBJTC and spits your ejaculate. NQNS No Quit No Spit; oral sex performed to completion with swallowing. NSA No Strings Attached. NS/NC No Show / No Call. see also no-show. O Back to top O, O’s Orgasm or orgasms. Off the clock Activities that occur with an ASP that she chooses not to charge for. (e.g. “We had lunch off-the-clock“). ONS One Night Stand. OTC Oral To Completion. Fellatio to orgasm. Out As in “outed”. Private, personal information on a hobbyist or an ASP is made public. e.g. Someone’s real name and address is posted to a public forum. Outcall The ASP comes to the client’s location. Out of the closet Being open about one’s (LGBT) sexual orientation. OVK Over the knee spanking – bending a submissive over one’s knee and striking his or her buttocks with either an open hand or a cane, paddle, whip, etc. OVN Overnight. OWO Oral Without, fellatio without a condom, aka BBBJ, UTF. OWOTC Oral Without Condom To Completion. P Back to top P2P Privates to privates: rubbing genitalia together without insertion. P4P Pay for Play. Refers to the concept of paying for sex. Papasan Male manager of an asian massage parlor. Party favors Drugs. Party hat Condom. PFF Pussy For Free (a myth). Pearl necklace Man ejaculates on woman’s neck and/or chest, trying to produce a white ‘decoration’. Pegging Anal penetration of a male by a female with the help of either a buttplug or strap-on. PIITB Put it in the bum/butt. Pillow queen Someone who likes to be on the receiving end of sex without much reciprocation. Pimp A person (generally a man) who solicits clients for a prostitute. Pink boxing A slang term for anal or vaginal fisting. PIV Penis in Vagina. PL Pathetic Loser. PM Prostate massage or Private message (on a forum). PO Phone operator. Ponygirl or ponyboy A popular roleplay fantasy that sees the submissive transform into a pony with the help of a harness, reins, gag bit, and a tail attached to a butt plug. The “pony” is expected to prance and/or pull a cart. Pooner A hobbyist who is immersed in the hobby culture. He may be very involved with the review boards and/or private exchange of information on ASPs and the hobby. Pop, pops Orgasms. An ASP may allow a client to have more than one orgasm during the session (e.g. more than one or multiple pops allowed). POS Pussy on the Side. Usually referring to hobbyists in relationships who are getting some POS. Power dyke A lesbian who has gained a position of power, either within the LGBT community, or in the world at large. Professional-only Also gentleman-only, businessmen-only. A subjective request used in ASP advertising as a pre-screen for clients. The ASP posts this in hopes of attracting “better” clientele. Provider Prostitute. PS Private Show (Dance only). PV Private Viewing (Dance only). PSE Porn Star Experience. A session that gives the feeling of being in a Porn or XXX Movie or like having a date with a Porn Star. As with the Girlfriend Experience (GFE), a PSE is not very well defined and definitions will vary wildly. It generally refers more to the tone & tenor of the session (totally wild!) than to specific services provided, but many believe PSE should include the possibility of DATY, UTF, Greek, DFK, NQNS, Russian, COF and a broad array of FS positions. Puffies or puffers Breasts where the entire areola appears ‘puffy’, enlarged, or swollen. Punk A male prostitute. Punter A British slang term for a hobbyist. Pup play A variant of animal play where a submissive acts like a puppy: barks, whines, eats from a bowl, and generally obeys the master or faces punishment. PV Private Viewing. A session that is most often limited to a striptease and self-service. Usually in the context of a Strip Club. PVC Polyvinyl chloride. In skin-tight fetish clothing, a shiny substitute for more expensive materials: leather, rubber and latex. “PVC” is also used as a generic term for PVC proper, latex, vinyl and leather. PW Pussy Whipped. Adjective describing a guy controlled by a girl because she gives him sex. PYT Pretty Young Thing. Q Back to top Queef An emission of air from the vagina, especially when noisy, aka vaginal fart or vart. R Back to top R & T Rub and Tug. A massage followed by a hand job. RA Relaxation Assistant. Raincoat condom. Raw Sex without condom. RCA Reverse Cowgirl Anal. RCG See Reverse cowgirl. Red wings The ‘badge’ a hobbyist earns for performing oral sex (cunnilingus) on an ASP who is menstruating. REQ Request. Used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains a request for information. See also 411. REV Review. Used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains review of an ASP. Reverse cowgirl Woman rides on top, facing away. Reverse half-and-half Sexual intercourse followed by oral sex to completion. Reverse massage The client massages the ASP. Reverse oral The client performs oral sex on the ASP. Review A critical evaluation of a provider. May include information on her looks, attitude and service. Rimming or rimjob Analingus; oral stimulation of the anus. RLD Red Light District. Area rich with prostitution. RMP Russian massage parlor. R.O.B. or ROB Run/Rip Off Bitch. Individuals posing as providers take the money and run without providing any services, aka Cash and Dash. Role play Also roleplay. Acting out sexual fantasies in a specific scenario, where participants are assigned roles: dog – owner, nurse – patient, teacher – student, etc. Role reversal Same as pegging – penetration of male’s anus by a female with a strap-on dildo Roman An orgy. RPG Role playing games. Roman shower Vomit play. RTF Return To Fuck. RTFF Read The Fucking Forum. Rubber 1) Material popular with BDSM practitioners for its tactile characteristics; 2) Items – primarily special clothing – made of this material; compare to PVC; 3) Condom. Russian Rubbing a penis between ASP‘s breasts. Usually results in pearl necklace. Russian (in Australia) Short sex session, aka a “Quickie”. S Back to top Safe Sexual activity in which various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid diseases transmitted by sexual contact. e.g. All activities were safe. San Juan Capistrano BBBJTC and the ASP swallows. See also CIM, BBBJNQNS, birdwatching. Sandbag, sandbagger A subjective term for a review (or reviewer) that attempts to mislead the reader by giving unwarranted praise to a provider. Sans Without. e.g. She provided French sans beret = BBBJ. Scat Defecation on one’s partner or feces play. Screening An ASP or agency does a pre-session background check on a new client. E.g. collecting verifiable personal info such as the hobbyist’s real name, place of employment, home or work phone, home or work address, and/ or a referral from a trusted provider. Upfront deposits may also be used as a screening tool to hedge against no-shows. Self-review Also Self-post. An ASP or agency poses as a hobbyist, and posts a highly positive review of herself or agency to increase business. Self service Masturbation. e.g. “It was a self-servicejack shack” = no contact with the dancer, but the man can masturbate. Semi pro An escort whose main source of income is something other than escorting. Sensory deprivation Restricting somebody’s ability to see, hear, smell, taste and/or touch through the use of blindfolds, earmuffs, hoods, etc. Sensual Massage Also SM. Indicates a massage with sexual stimulation (usually a hand job). Session The time spent with an ASP. Sex worker Catch all phrase sometimes used to describe prostitutes. May also be used in the context of strippers, peep show workers, topless waitresses. SFH Sex For Hire. SG Street Girl. Shemale Transsexual, particularly one who is living as a woman, but hasn’t had SRS. Penis may or may not get erect. Shill A person who writes unsolicited positive commentary about an ASP in a discussion forum to ‘suck up’ to the ASP or who writes unwarranted positive reviews in exchange for discounts or special favors from an ASP or agency. Shots on goal Attempts to reach orgasm. e.g. ‘She allows multiple shots on goal’ means she allows more than one orgasm per session if the client is able and interested. See MSOG. Sixty nine Partners perform oral sex on each other simultaneously. See also 69. . Slam, slammed An unwarranted or overzealous harsh review or abusive criticism of an ASP or agency. Snowball ASP takes ejaculate in her mouth and returns it via kissing to the ejaculator. SO Significant Other. Spouse or partner in a (non-casual) relationship. SOG Shot(s) on goal, attempt(s) at orgasm. Soixante-neuf 69. Partners perform oral sex on each other simultaneously. See also 69. SOMF Sat On My Face. SOP Stantard Operating Procedure. South of the border Genital region. Southern France Fellatio without a condom. See also French, BBBJ. SP Service Provider, prostitute. See also ASP. Spanish (Australian usage) Penis between her breasts, Russian. Spanish (USA usage) Penis, finger or toy comes out of the ASP’s ass, and goes directly into the ASP’s mouth. See also Dirty Sanchez, ATM. spanking Slapping or striking somebody’s buttocks with the palm of the hand or an object like paddle, hairbrush, slapper, etc. A form of punishment / humiliation. Spinner A very petite provider. So petite in fact, she could easily spin around the client’s erect penis in a position like Asian Cowgirl. One possible etymology: from the action reminiscent of the 1970’s toy, “Sit ‘n’ Spin”. Squirting, squirter Female ejaculation, an ASP who ejaculates. SRS Sexual Reassignment Surgery. ST Short Time. Starfish Anus or Unresponsive ASP. STD Sexually Transmitted Disease. Sting A female police officer poses as an ASP to apprehend unsuspecting clients, or a male police officer poses as a client to apprehend unsuspecting ASPs. Stone butch lesbian A lesbian who gets her pleasure from pleasing her partner. She does not like to be touched sexually. STR Short Term Relationship. Street action Prostitution that is solicited on public streets. Prostitutes (usually on foot) are picked up by clients in motor vehicles. Sexual acts may occur in the vehicle, or at another agreed upon location. Stroll A street, strip, or neighborhood that sees heavy street action. Submission In BDSM, giving freely of oneself for the pleasures of others, subordinating oneself (with agreed upon limits). Submissive In BDSM, a person trained by a dominant. Often shortened to Sub. See Submission. Sunshine, sunny Without a condom (i.e. no raincoat). SW Street walker Sex Worker Sybian A mechanical sex device shaped as a half-barrel with a dildo mounted in the middle. SYT Sweet Young Thing. T Back to top Take care of business Payment is made to provider. e.g. “She wanted to take care of business first.”. Teabag, teabagging To dunk ones scrotum into the open mouth of another person. Tie and tease A game of control over a partner’s orgasm with common use of physical restraints. Often a part of tease and denial. Tease and denial Also known as erotic denial, orgasm denial. A mild sexual torture in which a high state of sexual arousal is maintained for an extended time without climax. TAMP Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor. TER The erotic reviews site, adult services classifieds board, and hobby discussion forums. TG Transgender. Catch-all term for transvestites, transsexuals, shemales, and CDs. TGTBT Too Good To Be True. Throne job Self-service. Refers to an establishment that doesn’t offer FS. The premises will only have a large chair or “throne” for you to sit on and masturbate while the woman dances for you. Tina Crystal meth. Tipping required The ASP demands more than the advertised price in order to perform, or bargains hard for various services. See also upselling, hidden charges. To completion Until orgasm. TOFTT Take One For The Team. What a hobbyist is said to do when they see an enigmatic ASP. Some argue that a hobbyist is only TOFTT when the experience ends up to be a bad experience. Others argue that if the hobbyist doesn’t report back in some way, e.g., with a review, then the hobbyist has not TOFTT. Top In homosexual parlance: the active partner. In BDSM: the dominant. Toss the salad Analingus. Training 1) BDSM slavery; a way of letting the Submissive understand that the Dominant is their master. 2) Any specific scenario used to convey the message from #1: slave training, pup training, pony training, etc. Trans, tranny An inclusive term, encompassing transgender, transsexual and other gender variant people. Transgender A person whose gender expression is different from how society says they are “supposed” to be. Transgender can be an umbrella term for cross-dressers, transsexuals, intersex people and other gender-variant individuals. Transsexual A person with the urge to be the opposite sex. They may or may not choose to have gender reassignment surgery. Translated French, TF Oral sex with a condom. Translation, translator Condom, e.g., “She spoke fluent French without a translator” = BBBJ. Transvestite A person who sometimes wears clothes traditionally worn by and associated with the opposite sex; typically a male who cross-dresses occasionally by habit or compulsion. Trick A sex act for money, as in ‘She is turning tricks‘. A man who patronizes prostitutes, as in ‘That trick was a FOBU’. Tri F A devotee to the “Find them, Fuck them, Forget them” strategy. Trip to islands Greek, anal. Also a “tour of the islands”. Trolling The act of driving around looking for a prostitute. As in cruising. Posting to a discussion board with the intent to anger or incite others. One who does so is referred to as a ‘troll’. TS Transsexual. A person with the urge to be the opposite sex. They may or may not choose to have gender reassignment surgery. Table Shower. TTA Tight Tan Ass. Tuft Pubic hair. TUMA Tongue Up My Ass. Turning tricks Prostitution. TV Transvestite. A person who sometimes wears clothes traditionally worn by and associated with the opposite sex; typically a male who cross-dresses occasionally by habit or compulsion. TVSW Transvestite Street Walker. Two Call System The general location is revealed during the first call; location specifics are revealed on the second call. U Back to top Uncle Leo A law enforcement officer. umbrella Condom. Uncovered, or untranslated Without a condom. Upselling An ASP takes the advertised fee upfront, but in the midst of the session she asks for more money for more services. (e.g. She might undress and give a massage for the advertised $$, but then ask for an additional $ for French, or $$ for FS, etc.), aka hidden charges. UTF Untranslated French. Oral sex without a condom. UTR Under The Radar; an ASP who maintains a very low profile; generally does not advertise, does not accept reviews, does not have a website and does not participate in hobby forums. V Back to top verbal humiliation / abuse Issuing insults and negative epithets to produce belittlement, from which excitement and/or arousal can be obtained. Giving is done by the dominant, who produces the humiliation, while receiving is done by the submissive, who is the object. Vanilla Plain genital sex without any extras. W Back to top WAH Wild Ass Humping. water sports Urination play. see also golden shower. Wax play Dripping melted wax on the submissive‘s naked skin. This activity requires thorough understanding of the material that the candles are made of. Eyewear is recommended. Weeklies Alternative weekly newspapers. These often contain various adult service listings, including massage and escort advertisements. e.g. The Village Voice, San Francisco Bay Guardian, The Stranger. WF Wild Fuck. WG Working Girl. A prostitute. Whip In the strictest sense, a strip of leather attached to a handle, whip commonly describes any object used for beating a submissive: whips proper, canes, crops, paddles, slappers, etc. See English. White knight A hobbyist who defends or “comes to the rescue” of a provider who has been reviewed or spoken of poorly, regardless of whether the review or comments are accurate, aka defender. Whoremonger One who habitually patronizes prostitutes. WIR Would I Repeat, Would I Return, Would I Recommend. With With a condom (e.g. French with = CBJ). Without Without a condom. (e.g. French without = BBBJ). WL Working Lady. WOA Word of Advice. Womyn An alternative spelling of woman or women often favored by feminists. Working girl A prostitute. WTF What the f#$k. Y Back to top YL Young Lady. YMMV Your Mileage May Vary. A overused, common sense disclaimer meant to convey that an ASP may do things with one person, but not with another. Often used as a caveat, “Don’t accuse me of a false report if she doesn’t do the same with you.”. YMMV Girl An ASP who is known for being inconsistent in her attitude and service. i.e. Gets hot and cold reviews. Other common internet abbreviations Back to top AAMOF As A Matter Of Fact. ADN Any Day Now. AFAHMASP A Fool And His Money Are Soon Parted. AFAIAC As Far As I Am Concerned. AFAIK As Far As I Know. AIMB As I Mentioned Before. ASAD All-Singing All-Dancing. ATM At The Moment. ATST At The Same Time. BION Believe It Or Not. BOGOF Buy One Get One Free. BRB Be Right Back. BRBBRB Be Right Back – Bathroom Break. BRBCB Be Right Back – Coffee Break. BRLCFH Broke Ribs Laughing, Call For Help. BTSOOM Beats The Stuffing Out Of Me. BTW By The Way. CYA Cover Your Ass. DC Double-Click. DILIGA (S | F | D) Do I look like I give a (S**t) (F**k) (Damn) ?. ETHOM Excuse The Hell Out of Me. FOOMCBASL Falling Out Of My Chair Busting A Spleen Laughing. FKA Formerly Known As. FUBAR Fouled Up Beyond All Repair/Recognition. FWIW For What Its Worth. FYI For Your Information. FYR For Your Records. GD&R Grin, Duck and Run. IAC In Any Case. IANALB I Am Not A Lawyer But. ICOCBW I Could, Of Course, Be Wrong. IM(H)O In My (Humble) Opinion. IOW In Other Words. ISO In Search Of. ISTR I Seem To Remember. IWIK I Wish I knew. KIT Keep In Touch. L&G Latest And Greatest. LMK Let Me Know. LOL Laughing Out Loud. LTNS Long Time No See. LUKHITO Let Us Know How It Turns Out. MBWA Management By Wandering Around. MMF Make Money Fast (scam). NIMBY Not In My Back Yard. NTYMI Now That You Mention It. NP No Problem. OMG Oh My God/Gosh. OTOH On The Other Hand. OP Original Post or Original Poster. PEBKAC Problem Exists Between Keyboard And Chair. PEBMAC Problem Exists Between Monitor And Chair. PM[F]JI Pardon Me [For] Jumping In. QQ Quick Question. ROFL Rolls On Floor Laughing. ROTFLMAO Rolling On The Floor Laughing My Ass Off. TFX Too Flippin’ eXpensive. TIA Thanks In Advance. TLD Topless lap dance. TPTB, PTB The Powers That Be. TTBOMK To The Best Of My Knowledge. TTYL Talk To You Later. TWT Time Will Tell. WAD Working As Designed. WAS Wait And See. WTHDIK What The Hell Do I Know. YHBT You Have Been Trolled. YMMV Your mileage may vary, your experience may be different. Back to top Popular TS provider ads Popular TS provider photos Popular TS provider photos Most read escort articles Escort terms, sex definitions and abbreviations in escort ads The good, bad and ugly of porn star escorts 10 Hollywood stars you won’t believe used to escort Tips from an escort: What to expect from an escort How to craft up-market escort ads that work Related articles 13 reasons why you did not like your session with an escort 12 things to understand before submitting your offbeat request to an escort Escort as a life coach? Escorting the powers that be Artful escorting All escort articles ©Skipthegames.com About Contact Privacy Terms Escort Info How can we make the site better for you?
1	Home About Definitions Start Here! The Escort Lover The Dirty View From A John's Eyes Stay updated via RSS Latest Posts More Sugar Baby Stuff! The Flood Gates Open SB Haters… Life of a Sugar Daddy: 2013 Edition Sugar Babies and Mailbags: The Return Pornscorts: A Fascinating Category of Escorts The Escort Who Couldn’t Be My Sugar Baby The Beginner’s Guide to Being A Sugar Baby Mad Sugar Babies Read Here Reviews Rewritten: Courtnie Categories Escorts (27) AMPs (6) Providers (Agencies) (6) Providers (Independents) (15) Strip Clubs (4) Sugar Babies (19) SWs (4) Informational (11) My Experiences (19) Reviews Rewritten (3) Uncategorized (1) The Anatomy of a Session Posted: November 27, 2010 in Informational, Providers (Independents) Tags: escort review boards, escort screening sites, escorts, hobby, hookers, independent, prostitution, sex, theescortlover 19 If you’re just now reading my blog for the first time, click on any of the interesting-looking categories to the left to read some of my past posts, or just go ahead and start from the beginning.  It’ll get you started, at least, so you’re not lost or confused! ————————- Most of you seem to want to know exactly how a “session” or “date” with an escort comes about.  Well, I will give you the run down of what it is like to see an independent escort (AMPs and SWs are different experiences, but I think I’d rather cover them on an experiential basis, since I have good stories about both) so that you can get just a little taste of how this underground world works! For starters, where in the hell does one find an escort?  Believe it or not, there are a few sources that you can turn to.  Prior to the internet, you either had to know someone OR you could look in the Yellow Pages.  Yes, if you still get phone books, there WILL be listings for some agencies in there if there are any in your area.  I’ve never gone that route, mostly because I’ve heard that they are much more hit-or-miss from the perspective of getting a “good girl” (yes, that is very rude). The 2nd option, and the one that I would venture to say is the most common way that guys and girls play in the hobby, is to go on Craigslist (prior to it closing the adult section down) or Backpage.  For those of you who don’t know, Backpage is essentially Craigslist, just less well known.  It still has dedicated pages for each city, and it certainly has all of the non-sex stuff that Craigslist does (though again, less known).  But, it does have an adult section. If you were to go through Backpage (BP for short), you are best served going to the “Escorts” or “Body Rubs” sections under ADULT.  You can find some other sex stuff in other areas, but for the most part, if you call a number off a page from those two sections, you are likely going to find what you are looking for. Now, there are a couple of drawbacks to using BP.  First of all, you have no way of knowing if the woman is real or not.  She could be an undercover cop, and you could be walking into a bust.  Secondly, you have no idea how good this chick is, even if she IS who she says she is in (which is a crapshoot with BP girls).  Something you may not know as a new hobbyist is that most BP girls are pretty boring lays and they have limited menus (ie. things you can or cannot do with them sexually), and even though they ARE cheaper than the next method (and often you can get them to give you discounted half hour and “quickie” rates, which is rare to find for the next group as well), they often are really only desireable if you literally just want to fuck a warm body. To schedule with these girls, you usually just call or text their listed number, schedule a time, and then show up.  They are usually good for last minute appointments as well, since the bulk of their business are one-time hits off of BP. The final group of girls you can schedule with, and the ones that are most reliable and valuable, are the “review board girls”.  In the hobby, it is VERY important that you be selective with who you see.  That allows you to be discreet, have a good session, and get the most value for your dollar.  Well, prior to the internet, it was pretty much impossible to know which girls were good or not without knowing someone who had seen them.  Then the internet came along, and you have review boards. Escort review boards are exactly what they sound like:  they are a forum system designed to act as a central database for hobbyists and johns to review the details of their sessions with the escorts they’ve seen, to provide information to other hobbyists so that they can make an informed decision about whether or not to schedule a session with an escort.  The more well-reviewed the escort is, the higher the likelihood of getting good value out of the session.  The more poorly-reviewed, the less the likelihood (and also the less likely she will be reviewed at all after 2 or 3 poor reviews).  Little-reviewed girls are often what are called “TOFTT girls”, standing for Take One For The Team, since they are unknowns and the session experience being unpredictable. Obviously, any escorts that are conscious of their image pay close attention to these reviews.  Most sites won’t let the full details of a review be shared with the provider (often shared in a private section called “The Rest of the Story” for established/paying reviewers).  There are often sections of each ERB where escorts can advertise, posting an updated pictures, updates rates/services, or just to bring themselves to the forefront of any horny guy’s search for his next lay. I won’t post any links, but if you are interested, I may chat with you privately about these review boards.  Look me up on Twitter (http://twitter.com/theescortlover) if you want. Often, with providers that post ads on escort review boards, I scroll through all of the ads, flag ones that I find interesting (I usually jot down their information – handle, ad menu/pricing listings, etc.), and then research them to see if they are legitimate options.  I often am left with a list of several potential ladies to see, and I keep that “list” running until its exhausted (haven’t exhausted it in the 2 years I’ve been doing this, FYI, because I keep adding to it constantly by sheer circumstance). When I’ve decided on which escort I’d like to see, I usually contact them via the method they ask to be contacted by (e-mail, private message on that board, call, text, or screening through a 3rd party screening website – which I will discuss more in future posts or questions you can ask me later) to request an appointment.  I prefer texting or e-mail, since I can do that no matter where I am very easily.  Once I am screened (I can go through the “screening process” in later posts, like mentioned above), we usually set a date, and I call 24 hours in advance to confirm the date. It’s important to note here that, if a provider confirms they will see you at this 24 hour point, it is a HUGE no-no for them, reputation wise, to cancel your session after that for any reason other than an emergency (often unverifiable, so it’s hobbyist discretion whether to forgive and forget).  Some hobbyists have tight windows (heh) under which they can hobby, due to family/wife excuses, work scheduling, etc., so good providers always err on the side of caution at the risk of taking a reputational hit on these sites. Now, once you get to this point, the experience is ESSENTIALLY the same regardless of whether it is a BP girl or an ERB girl (I will notate any differences). About an hour or two prior to the session, you either call or text the girl, and she then gives you directions to her incall (the place where she is “working”).  This place is often NOT her home, even if she lives in the area.  If you are seeing a BP girl, you will 90% of the time be going to a hotel (a good majority of these girls are from out of town – traveling 2-3 hours so they aren’t working where people know them), with the other 10% being their actual home (since they are usually not responsible/careful enough to know better if they live locally).  If you see a ERB girl, she will often have an apartment (often shared with at least one other provider – I’ve heard of up to 6 before) dedicated to her “business” if she is local, or it will be at a NICER hotel if she is from out of town.  A small grouping (ie. the actual single girls that don’t expect much company) will use their actual home, as one 23-year old did for me last Saturday when I walked to her downtown high rise apartment. You will usually have a two- or three-call system:  You call an hour before OR right when you are ready to leave, and she will tell you the general area to travel to (“call me when you get to the airport” “go up ::highway:: and call me when you exit ::exit name::”, etc.) and to call her when you get there.  I like to keep in pretty good touch with girls prior to sessions, so I’m usually texting with them up to 3 hours prior just to avoid any communication breakdown.  Then, once you are at the area, she will give you detailed directions to her apartment/house/hotel, and then give you the specific number/directions to her door once you are there (if necessary). For me, the most nerve-wrecking part of every experience is the minute from when I park in the parking lot/driveway to when I walk up and knock on the door.  This is often the time I have a mini-panic attack and have to force myself to go through with the session (especially if the path is crowded ie. people are around) anyway. Knock, knock, knock.  The door opens, and there she is.  The first impression I get when that door opens often will guide the session, and it would take a big swing either positive or negative to affect it after that.  Usually an awkward pleasantry and hug is exchanged, followed by some menial chit chat. Etiquette says that you are supposed to place the “donation” (it’s illegal to pay for sex) in an unmarked envelope on a plainly visible surface, and not to mention it.  This way, you are not going to get caught by an undercover provider in the act of soliciting sex (though obviously it will look bad just being there, but legally I’m pretty sure you are ok) from a prostitute, and the provider likewise doesn’t trap herself either.  Most providers will not raise a fit if you don’t have an envelope.🙂 After that is done, I usually ask to use the restroom, where I wash my hands, among other preparatory actions. At this point, it really is a matter of who acts first.  Since I have a really hard time initiating sex with someone personally (childhood issues), even if they ARE a hooker, I often will just chat with them and sit on the bed (BP) or couch (ERB usually) until they make the first move.  Sometimes (and this happens almost all of the time when you are paying for a session that is less than an hour – half-hour or quickie), the provider simply starts getting naked, and this is usually your clue to also get naked, and you both jump on the bed. From there, you basically have sex (or whatever you paid for – you can pay for blowjobs only, or massages, etc.).  The only quirks depend basically on their menu offerings.  If it is a BP girl, you will likely be jerked off until hard, then she will put a condom on you, blow you until you are ready to fuck, and then lube herself up (honestly, watching a girl lube up is NOT hot…).  Almost all BP girls are CBJ (covered blowjob – BJ with a condom). Ok, let me go ahead and give you a VERY BASIC menu rundown: Kissing – BP girls usually don’t allow it.  For others, it varies between LFK (basically closed mouth kissing) and DFK (full on makeout), or none at all. Oral (her): DATY or FIV will often be listed if done (during review) or available (in ad).  DATY is Dining At The Y (eating out), and FIV is Fingers In Vagina (fingers in vagina).  There’s usually no difference between BP and ERB girls on this – totally woman dependent. Oral (you):  HJ, CBJ, or BBBJ (BBBJTCIM, BBBJTCIMNQNS) are your options, if allowed.  Hand Job is pretty obvious, and don’t think I’ve never seen it offered (it’s often not listed because it’s so necessary).  CBJ was mentioned above, and this is a popular menu offering for BP girls.  I would say that there is a strong correlation between CBJ being the only thing a provider will do and the amount of GFE (girlfriend experience) you will get – basically meaning you are often only expecting a fuck buddy or purely “get off” type of session. BBBJ, or bareback blowjob, is almost a prerequisite for any ERB girl.  Most BP girls charge $200 or less per hour, and they often are CBJ with no GFE.  For an ERB girl, you are often paying at least $180-300 per hour, and you can almost always expect BBBJ with GFE.  ERB girls that do not offer both of these services usually end up being inactive on the boards, and revert back to BP. Note:  The prices I list are for MY AREA, which is considered on the higher side for my state.  You would have to research your specific area to find out the comparable average rates) Now, where ERB girls vary is on the issue of CIM (cum in mouth), CIMNQNS (cum in mouth, no quit, no spit – swallowing to be short), or none.  It’s very rare to see a girl charging higher than $200/hr that will not at LEAST do CIM, though it’s pretty much non-existant that a provider willing to take cum in her mouth will not just go ahead and swallow.  I know of two girls in my area off the top of my head that charge $300/hr (on the high side) and do NOT do CIM, and both of them are probably in the top 5 looks-wise for this area, and also two of the youngest (<25 years old). Sex: Honestly, you know all the acronyms for this (what is CG? what is RCG? what is K9? You got it).  I don’t know of any providers that have any vaginal sex positions that are off limits.  I’d be interested to know if there are any.  The only two things that I know will vary from provider to provider is anal sex and fetishes (hair pulling, slapping, bondage, toys, etc.).   For fetishes, you really just need to check with the provider.  I don’t think any that WOULD do a fetish would charge extra for it, but that’s not my scene.  For anal, BP girls usually use their booty holes as a convenient opportunity to get an extra $50 or so from you (most guys into anal gladly pay), and I think it is free, though provider dependent, for anyone else.  Since I’m not into anal personally, I can’t really speak on it. FINISH:  CIM, COF, COB, CIV, MSOG – CIM already mentioned.  As far as the other ways to finish, they imply that you would be uncovered when cumming (otherwise you just cum in the condom) – cum on face, cum on body (often you need to clear the area of the body, though), and cum in vagina.  I don’t know of any providers that offer the option to let you cum inside their vagina uncovered.  In fact, if there are any, they probably would not advertise it for fear of being identified as someone who is not safe. MSOG is multiple shots on goal, or cumming more than once per session.  For most sessions that last less than an hour, you almost never seen MSOG offered due to the length of time it takes to get one pop (one time to cum), much less two or more.  I have, though, seen MSOG offered for 30-minute “french” (blowjob only) sessions.  BP girls often do not offer MSOG at all, and use the opportunity of multiples to upsell you.  ERB girls typically will use the line “you pay for my time”, and will allow MSOG, especially to regulars.  Since I admittedly cannot fuck for an hour (or even 30 minutes) without cumming, MSOG is often a very important menu offering that has to be offered (I have a funny story about this I hope to post eventually). Afterwards, the girl usually will take the condom off for you if necessary and give you a wipe or warm towel to clean up with, and then it is almost universally polite conversation while you get dressed (some girls stay naked, some put on just underwear, it varies) and ready to leave.  Sometimes, almost exclusively for ERB girls, a shower is offered so that you can clean up in case you need to return to family/work. Upon leaving, you exchange hugs and a promise to visit again soon, and then you leave. So, that’s pretty much all there is to it.  That’s the entire process from idea, to discovery, to scheduling, to session.  If you are an ERB member, you may ask them if it is ok to review them (you get credits for reviewing that is used to give you free private access – some providers do not want public reviews).  If you are a third-party screening site member, you may ask for an “okay” (to be explained later, if necessary). I hope you guys found this interesting.  Please please please comment on here and tell me what you think.  Also comment and give me any suggestions for posts YOU’D like to see, and I’ll try to incorporate them into my blog as best I can. Again, please follow me on Twitter – http://twitter.com/theescortlover – I interact with ANYONE who @mentions me on there (unless you’re a spambot), so @ me and we can talk about whatever you read here or whatever you think based on having stumbled across this thing! Rate this: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google More Email Print Reddit LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Comments ktalin says: November 30, 2010 at 6:15 am haha i actually own a striptease,escorts,amateur models website and they are very good at what they do Reply Piper says: December 4, 2010 at 12:51 pm I find the hugging part oddly amusing. Very informative and an interesting insight into the “scene.” Reply Screening and Being Screened | The Escort Lover says: December 16, 2010 at 10:53 pm […] hobby and what each tier brings me (reviewed here), and I even now know what to expect (chronicled here), HOW DO I […] Reply Lisa says: November 4, 2011 at 4:05 pm I’ve always wondered about this whole scene. Your blog is incredibly interesting, thanks for sharing! Reply Giotto says: February 12, 2012 at 12:46 am can you tell me of an escort that will do a virgin or anything of the like Reply Chris moyer says: July 16, 2016 at 5:26 pm Dont lose your virginity to a hooker. Its part of becoming a man. Manhood cannot be purchased. I feel like your father should have taught you that at some point. Reply escort toronto says: January 13, 2014 at 6:05 am I found your site really awesome and informative so i should share this and i did it Reply TE says: June 19, 2014 at 11:40 am Thanks for this post, I’m looking at it as much as etiquette and instructional as educational. Reply Jay Damasio says: July 26, 2014 at 2:47 pm Lol. The cumming in the vagina myth is true. Hooked up with an escort in 2012, my first one. Cool, beautiful, super smart. She was fun even before stator naked. She allowed me to cum inside her in exchange for the additional money to buy a morning after pill. I was the only guy she had allowed to do that in 4 years of work, or so she said. She bought the pill, and that was cool. Well, this became a regular occurrence. Except for the pill part. She just started pocketing the cash. It was a couple of months later, when she sent me the pics of her swollen belly. She said it was cool, and that it was her responsibility. Her boyfriend knew the risks, so he was going to raise him. Call me a freak, but having a fine little escort let me knock her up…what a fucking turn on. Good looking kid, but she doesn’t want me around, because her boyfriend will freak out. I’m one and done on escort bareback though. Luck runs out. Reply Tracy Lombardo says: September 10, 2014 at 6:00 am Can you tell me what the definition is of asking for an ANDREA or A? Reply Singapore Escort Job says: November 7, 2014 at 7:34 am “The Anatomy of a Session” good to see this post will recommend to my friends also. Reply slim delfino says: December 15, 2014 at 6:02 am i needed this bro. idk who you are, but youre the shit homie. Reply Dale Cooper says: January 7, 2015 at 11:23 pm I’m a newbie at this. BP adds sometimes say “No explicit talk over the phone.” So how do I find out if I can cum on her face or fuck her in the ass before I actually get in the same room as her? Reply Kramer says: February 10, 2015 at 4:12 pm The best way to check things out is to join “TheEroticReview” (TER), pay a little to become a VIP member, search for what you seek in your area, then read the profiles and reviews. Reply Chris Mujahadeen says: July 16, 2016 at 5:29 pm You cant man, thats part of the risk you run each and every time Reply Georgia O'Keefe says: November 30, 2015 at 2:11 am How pathetic and seriously discerning you are as a human being. I am disgusted by the very nature of how you view these woman who are someones sister, daughter, grandchild,mother, etc. Truley you are a loser with obvious issues that unfortunately can not be resolved at this point in life. Suicide is w.o. a doubt your best option now in life. Please do all of us a favor and die quietly. Amazing piece of shit you are…. Reply Bigwheat says: July 15, 2016 at 11:37 pm Get out of here! This is very informative , especially for trying to find a girl for me and my wife to have sex with and for my wife to swap my cum with the escort Reply Rick says: January 4, 2016 at 8:59 pm Outstanding article! Reply wow says: February 9, 2016 at 4:14 am ugh! I just puked in my mouth. PIM… is that what they call it? If I don’t do it, my profit margin will stink probably? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. The Levels of Hobbying My First Experience Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
1	Search for acronyms, abbreviations, definitions and topics All Acronyms Toggle navigation Any Category Technology Military Government Business Science Organizations Medical Education Internet Slang Locations Any Category Popular Topics Random Suggest Skip to main content Escorts acronyms and abbreviations 200 acronyms and abbreviations related to Escorts abcdefghijklmn opqrstuvwxyz# Escorts abbreviations 2 +1 AAMP Apartment Asian Massage Parlor Sexual, Escorts, Sex 3 AMP Asian Massage Parlor Escorts, BDSM, Sex -1 +1 ABC American Born Chinesedownvoted Internet slang, Chat, Texting 0 ABJ American Born Japanese Sex, Sexual, Internet slang 5 Analingus Licking Anus Escorts, Sexual, Adult 11 AR Anal Rimming Escorts, Sex, BDSM 4 ASP Adult Service Provider Sex, Adult, Escorts 3 +1 ATF All-Time Favorite Sexual, Escorts, Sex 1 ATF All Time Favorite Internet slang, Escort, Sex 17 ATM Ass To Mouth Escorts, Sex, Sexual -1 Attempts Trying To Orgasmdownvoted Sex, Sexual, Internet slang 0 Aunt Flo Menstruation Adult, Sex, Sexual 3 B&S Bait and Switch Sex, Escorts, Sexual -3 Babyback Petite, Young, Attractive Asiandownvoted Sex, Internet slang, xxx 0 Balloons Breast Implants Sexual, Adult, Internet slang 11 BB Bare Back Escorts, Sex, Sexual 11 BBBJ Bare Back Blow Job Escorts, Sex, Sexual 11 BBBJCIMNQNS Bare Back Blow Job, Cum in Mouth, No Quit, No Spit Escorts, Sexual, Adult 4 +1 BBBJTC Bare Back Blow Job to Completion Escorts, Sex, Adult 1 BBBJTCIM Bare Back Blow Job To Completion In Mouth Adult, Sex, Sexual 3 downvoted 1 2 … 10 Next > Search for "Escorts" with Google Sort by Alphabet Rating Alphabet Length Filter by Categories Technology 4 Military 2 Medical 3 Locations 1 Internet slang 133 Government 1 Business 2 Any 146 Filter by Topics Adult 192 BDSM 124 Chat 51 Escort 30 Forum 24 Sex 188 Sexual 188 Slang 52 Text messaging 28 Texting 29 Any Was it helpful? Do you use... ? Page Link Citation Suggest New Page Url HTML Most Popular APA All Acronyms. 2016. Escorts. Retrieved October 7, 2016, from http://www.allacronyms.com/escorts/abbreviations Chicago All Acronyms. 2016. "Escorts". http://www.allacronyms.com/escorts/abbreviations (accessed October 7, 2016). Harvard All Acronyms. 2016. Escorts, All Acronyms, viewed October 7, 2016, <http://www.allacronyms.com/escorts/abbreviations> MLA All Acronyms. "Escorts". 7 October 2016. Web. 7 October 2016. <http://www.allacronyms.com/escorts/abbreviations> Less Popular AMA All Acronyms. Escorts. http://www.allacronyms.com/escorts/abbreviations. Published October 7, 2016. Accessed October 7, 2016. CSE All Acronyms. Escorts [Internet]; Oct 7, 2016 [cited 2016 Oct 7]. Available from: http://www.allacronyms.com/escorts/abbreviations. MHRA 'Escorts', All Acronyms, 7 October 2016, <http://www.allacronyms.com/escorts/abbreviations> [accessed 7 October 2016] Bluebook All Acronyms, Escorts (Oct. 7, 2016, 6:10 PM), available at http://www.allacronyms.com/escorts/abbreviations. CSE All Acronyms. Escorts [Internet]; October 7, 2016 [cited 2016 OCT 7]. Available from: http://www.allacronyms.com/escorts/abbreviations. About / Contact Terms / Privacy Recommended Books Statistics Time Zones Abbreviations Country Abbreviations US States Abbreviations Canadian Postal Abbreviations © 2005-2016 All Acronyms . All rights reserved.
1	jump to content my subreddits announcementsArtAskRedditaskscienceawwblogbookscreepydataisbeautifulDIYDocumentariesEarthPornexplainlikeimfivefoodfunnyFuturologygadgetsgamingGetMotivatedgifshistoryIAmAInternetIsBeautifulJokesLifeProTipslistentothismildlyinterestingmoviesMusicnewsnosleepnottheonionOldSchoolCoolpersonalfinancephilosophyphotoshopbattlespicsscienceShowerthoughtsspacesportstelevisiontifutodayilearnedTwoXChromosomesUpliftingNewsvideosworldnewsWritingPromptsedit subscriptions front -all -random |  AskReddit -funny -pics -videos -worldnews -todayilearned -gifs -news -gaming -aww -Showerthoughts -movies -mildlyinteresting -Jokes -television -nottheonion -tifu -science -photoshopbattles -food -space -explainlikeimfive -Music -LifeProTips -TwoXChromosomes -IAmA -Futurology -UpliftingNews -creepy -OldSchoolCool -EarthPorn -Art -sports -WritingPrompts -books -DIY -personalfinance -nosleep -GetMotivated -dataisbeautiful -askscience -gadgets -Documentaries -history -philosophy -listentothis -InternetIsBeautiful -announcements -blogmore » reddit.com over 18? Want to join? Log in or sign up in seconds.| English You must be 18+ to view this community You must be at least eighteen years old to view this content. Are you over eighteen and willing to see adult content? no thank youcontinue about blog about source code advertise jobs help site rules FAQ wiki reddiquette transparency contact us apps & tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website buttons <3 reddit gold redditgifts Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (updated). © 2016 reddit inc. All rights reserved. REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc. π Rendered by PID 13640 on app-401 at 2016-10-07 23:41:47.460313+00:00 running 9927328 country code: US.
