1	Adult Search TER MyProviderGuide Free Escort Website Free Sex Cams Sign Up Member Login Escort Advertising Kansas Female Escorts (79) TS/TV Shemale Escorts (20) Erotic Massage Parlors (43) Strip Clubs (26) Sex Shops (20) Body Rubs (26) Male for Male Escorts (1) Girls on Webcam All Cities & Countries » Kansas All Locations » Kansas » Erotic Massage Erotic Massage Parlor Forums Search for... Location Atwood (1) Eudora (1) Hutchinson (1) Lawrence (11) Lenexa (4) Manhattan (1) Merriam (1) Olathe (4) Overland Park (3) Shawnee (1) Topeka (2) Westwood (1) Wichita (12) Amenities Table Shower (9) Sauna (1) Truck Parking (1) Private Parking (2) Services 4 Hand Massage (3) Masseuse Ethnicity Asian (28) Chinese (8) White (3) Payments VISA/MC (18) AMEX (6) Discover (8) Recent Forum Topics kansas info Info on Wichita scene? Anna Thai Beauty-23 Be Careful New Joint Don't bother new place In Lawrence J&J is now in Gardner J&J is now in Gardner Bogus Reviews Start a new topic Add Erotic Massage Parlor43 Erotic Massage Parlors Rating # of Reviews Review Date Video Coupon Lucky Star Massage 785-267-7000 2914 SW Plass Ct. Topeka, KS 66611 3 Reviews Happy Feet Spa 785-424-0952 1910 Haskell Ave. Lawrence, KS 66046 3 Reviews Smart Spa 316-303-9419 916 S. Broadway St. Wichita, KS 67211 1 Review Lotus Spa 316-214-1571 2216 E. Douglas Ave. Wichita, KS 67214 6 Reviews Diamond Spa Massage 316-652-8880 180 S. Rock Rd. Wichita, KS 67207 3 Reviews Shangri-La Massage 913-828-5006 13021 W 95th St. Lenexa, KS 66215 1 Review Foot Reflexology 913-829-2888 103 S. Mur-Len Rd. Olathe, KS 66062 1 Review Sunny Massage 785-865-1311 2500 W. 6th St. Lawrence, KS 66049 6 Reviews Naima Asian Massage 785-338-3864 1414 W. 6th St. Lawrence, KS 66044 6 Reviews Peking Massage *Non-Erotic Massage Reported* 913-780-1111 16555 W. 151st St. Olathe, KS 66062 1 Review Coupon Oriental Massage Therapy 785-727-0171 2420 Iowa St. Lawrence, KS 66046 2 Reviews Jasmine Asian Massage 785-338-2386 733 S. Kansas Ave. Topeka, KS 66603 3 Reviews KK Massage *Non-Erotic Massage Reported* 785-542-2364 707 Main St. Eudora, KS 66025 2 Reviews Soft Breeze Spa 785-856-4994 2331 Alabama St. Lawrence, KS 66046 2 Reviews Eden Massage 785-727-2568 2223 Louisiana St. Lawrence, KS 66046 4 Reviews Garden of Eden Massage 913-599-0000 12812 W. 87th St. Pkwy. Lenexa, KS 66215 1 Review Massage @ Nall *Non-Erotic Massage Reported* 913-642-2000 5308 W. 95th St. Overland Park, KS 66207 2 Reviews U Relax Massage *Non-Erotic Massage Reported* 913-469-1616 13410 College Blvd. Overland Park, KS 66210 1 Review Westwood Massage *Non-Erotic Massage Reported* 913-484-1362 4705 Mission Rd. Westwood, KS 66205 1 Review Marvelous Massage 316-518-3961 615 E. 47th St. S. Wichita, KS 67216 A Touch of Class 785-802-2051 204 South 2nd Street , 67730 Asian Massage 913-375-0264 12251 W. 87th St. Lenexa, KS 66215 Asian Massage 316-729-8887 2552 N. Maize Ct., Suite 600 Wichita, KS 67205 Royal Massage *Non-Erotic Massage Reported* 913-888-8855 12104 W. 87th St. Lenexa, KS 66215 The Phoenix Asian Massage 316-201-4800 6249 E. 21st St., Suite 122 Wichita, KS 67208 Massage Zone 785-424-7788 2300 W 31st St Suite A Lawrence, Kan 66047 Royal Massage 316-689-8060 6611 E. Central Ave., Suite F Wichita, Kan 67206 Massage Therapy 316-409-9285 2427 S. Glendale Wichita, KS 67218 Jade Massage & Spa 316-687-0888 650 N. Carriage Parkway, Suite 115 Wichita, KS 67208 LV Massage 913-815-3952 11918 S. Strang Line Rd. Olathe, KS 66062 30 per page 60 per page 90 per page 1 2 Next Angeles City, Atlanta, Austin, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Dubai, Honolulu, Houston, Kuala Lumpur, Las Vegas, London, Los Angeles, Miami, Minneapolis, New York City, Orange County, Pattaya, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Portland, Saint Louis, Sacramento, San Diego, Seattle, SF Bay Area, Shanghai, Singapore, Toronto, Vancouver, Wash DC Advertising | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Business Owners | Grab Our Banner | RCA E-Mail: Password: Auto-Login from this computer   I want to register I forgot my password
1	Home Massage Classifieds Female Massage Male Massage Look for Massage Massage Yellow Pages Massage Girls Massage Boys Massage Places Beijing Happy Blog City life Guide in Beijing Menu Skip to content Home Cuisine Culture Entertainment Escort Guide Health & Beauty Housing Nightlife Others Shopping Top & Best Travel Some Popular Forum Abbreviations on the Internet Leave a reply Network words are some special language or words which are used on the Internet such as the forum abbreviations, they are accompanied by the birth and development of the Internet. Refers to the words with the naissance and development of the Internet, you can find a lot of network words or abbreviations in various page or Forum, the following are some popular forum abbreviations you may always see on the internet.   A AAMP: Apartment Asian Massage Parlor. Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. AAMP: Asian-American Massage Parlor. This is the politically correct acronym. AFF: Adult Friend Finder (a popular USA dating website) AFF: Asian Friend Finder (a popular Asian dating website) Agency: A company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of providers. Amazon: A tall, strong, often masculine woman. AMP       : Asian Massage Parlor Analinus: Anal Rimming (Oral stimulation of anus) Anal Rimming: Oral stimulation of anus. Anti-Sex Pervert: These are the “real” perverts, the people who are against the concept of healthy men engaging in sex with willing female partners. AR: Anal Rimming (Oral stimulation of anus) Around the world : Anilingus and Fellatio. Asian: Refers to Anal Rimming Asian Cowgirl : Girl on top, squatting. AR: Ass Rim, Anal Rimming ASAP: As Soon As Possible (not sex related) ASP: Adult Service Provider ATF:       All Time Favorite ATM : Ass To Mouth Aunt Flo :Menstruation AJ: Anal Job/Jam (penetration of the arsehole) Autoroam: Hands touching/Fondling of the body AV: Adult Video (porno films) AV/AVS: Anti-Vice Squad (the section of our men-in-blue that regulates vice activities)   B Babyback: Petite, young, attractive Asian. Bait and Switch: Person who shows up is a different one than advertised. Baja Sur : Genitals. From the spanish “the low south”. Balloons:       Breast implants. Bareback: Without condom. Barracuda: A professional prostitute who’s only purpose is to separate you from your money as quickly as possible, preferably without giving you anything in return. Batin: (Malaysia) Groin massage, but sometimes means Handjob. BBBJ: Bare Back Blow Job (oral sex without condom) BBBJTC: Bare Back Blow Job to Completion (oral sex to orgasm) BBBJTCWS: Bare Back Blow Job to Completion with Swallowing BBBJWF:       Bare Back Blow Job With Facial BBFS:     Bare Back Full Service (sex) BBS :Barber Shop BBW:Big Beautiful Woman BCD:      Behind Closed Doors BDSM: Bondage, Discipline, Sado-Masochism. Beret: A condom. Beso Negro:Anal Rimming BF: Boy Friend BFA:       Big Fat Ass BFE : Boy Friend Experience BGR:      Boy-Girl-Relationship Birdwatching : BBBJTCWS BJ:  Blow Job (oral sex on a man) BL:  Body Lick Blackhole: Anus BLS: Ball Licking and Sucking Blue Pill: Viagra Blue Steel: Viagra BMD: Buy Me Drink Brown Shower: Defecation on your partner. BS: Body slide. Service where woman may slide her body on yours using oil. BS: Body Scrub BSD : Big Swinging Dick BSW: Black Street Walker BTW: By the Way Butterface: Everything looks good, but her face BB: Bukkake Blowjob (a facial Cum-Shower) BBW: Big Beautiful/Breasted Woman BCD: Behind Closed Doors BDSM: Bondage, Domination, Sadism, Masochism (basically your whips & chains stuff) BM: Bitch-Master (pimp) BM: Body Massage/Breast Massage Boomz: “Something…you know…that personifies and shouts “ME” and is it all about “ME” (Ris Low, almost Ms Singapore World 2009) BT: Big Tits BT: Boy Toy BTBM/B2BM: Body To Body Massage Bukkake: facial cum shower   C Call Girl: Outcall provider, usually implies agency. Cash and Dash: ROB who takes the money and runs CBJ:       Covered Blow Job (oral sex with a condom) CC: Roman Numeral for 200. Roman numerals sometimes used for fees. (Roman Numeral converter) CC: Credit Card CCL : Concentration Camp Look. CD: Cross-dresser: transvestite, a person, and especially a male who adopts the dress and often the behavior typical of the opposite sex especially for purposes of emotional or sexual gratification CDS :Covered Doggy Style CFF:       Chinese Friend Finder (a popular dating website) CFM : Come Fuck Me, usually refer to the look of a person. CFS:      Covered Full Service (sex with condom) CG:  Call Girls CG:  Casino Girls CG:  Club Girls CH:  Crazy Horse, SF Strip Club Chump:  A man who gives his money and/or his attention to women without getting any pussy in return. Largely a phenomenon experienced by American men when dating American women. Don’t be a chump! CIM : Cum in Mouth Civilian: A woman who makes herself available for sexual encounters but not for financial gain. May be less discreet than a provider and more interested in a relationship. CIS: Confederation of Independent States (former Soviet Republics) CKT: Char Koay Teow (Local Chinese) CL   Craigslist, a popular classified ad website where escorts have been known to advertise and otherwise promote their availability. Clockwatcher : A term for a provider who counts the minutes until the session is over. CMD: Carpet Matches Drapes (typically a natural blonde) CMP       : Chinese Massage Parlor CMT:      Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse. COB:      Cum on Breast COF:       Cum on Face COH:      Cum On Hard Collar and Cuffs match: Pubic hair matches natural hair-color (redheads, blondes) Commercial Company: Prostitution Covered  :Various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid diseases (as AIDS) transmitted by sexual contact. (e.g. Covered Blow Job means a condom was used.) CHHFS:   Covered Half Hour Full Service. Cowgirl:  CG, girl on top facing you. Craigslist :A popular classified ad website where escorts have been known to advertise and otherwise promote their availability. Crime scene action: Sexual activity during her period. Cruising: Looking for prostitutes while driving. Cups of Coffee: Releases CBJ : Covered Blow Job (oral sex with a condom) CMI: Cannot Make It CO: Commanding Officer (refers to your mum for single man, wife for married man) Cowgirl: Girl-on-top sex position Cum: semen Cunt: Vagina CV: Changi Village (north-eastern end of Singapore)   D Deep Throat: A woman swallows the entire penis DFM: Do For Me Doggy Style: Sex position where man fucks woman/man from behind DWM: Do With Me or Driving While Masturbating Dance and Dash: A rip-off. She shows up, takes your money, doesn’t provide, might offer to “dance”, and leaves. Date: A session with a prostitute. Date: A man who patronizes prostitutes. DATO: Dining at the O, Anilingus, oral stimulation of the anus DATY: Dining at the Y (Performing oral sex on a woman) DDE       : Doesn’t Do Extras (PS only) DDF       : Drug and Disease Free DDG: Drop Dead Gorgeous DDP       : Double Digit Penetration (pussy and anus) Deep Throat:       Fellatio where the whole length of the penis is “swallowed”. Defender: A poster who defends or “comes to the rescue” of a provider who has been reviewed poorly, regardless of whether the review is accurate. Deposit: A provider requires an upfront payment in advance of a session. DFE ead Fish Experience DFF ead Fish Fuck DFK: Deep French Kissing DIA Date: In Asia (a dating website) DIY: Do It Yourself (masturbation) Doggie: Man behind girl, girl on hands and knees. Donation       : Payment to a provider Doubles: A threesome with two girls and you DP: Double Penetration DP: Digital penetration DR: The Dominican Rebublic DS: Doggy Style DSL:      Dick Sucking Lips DT: Dining at the Toes DT: Deep Throat E EPL: Excellent Pussy Licker Ed Zachary disease: A woman with an unattractive face. EMP       : European Massage Parlor (white girls) Enhancements: Breast implants. Envelope       : Often cash payments for a provider are placed in an envelope. Rather than handing her cash directly, or discussing money, the envelope is left in a conspicuous location for the provider to pick up as she leaves (outcall), or after the hobbyist leaves (incall). EOM: End Of Message Escort: A woman who is paid for her companionship. Expats: Persons living in countries other than their own citizenship. Generally refers to Americans or Europeans living in other countries.   F FB: Fuck Buddy (a person with whom one is having casual sex with on a regular basis, but are not involved in a romantic relationship) FF: Free Fuck Fisting: The act of inserting one fist (and forearm) into a girls vagina FJ: Foot Job (a foot job is when one gives masturbation to another with their feet) FL: Freelancer (working lady not associated with any establishment or agent) Flashing: Exposing body parts from under clothing to unsuspecting viewers/people FMF: Female-Male-Female FNS: Fish-Net Stockings Face painting : Man ejaculates on woman’s face. Facial: Cumming on partner’s face FBSM: Full Body Sensual Massage FFF  : Refers to the strategy of “Find them, Fuck them, Forget them” FIV  : Finger In Vagina Five-O: A police officer (uniformed or undercover). FJ: Foot job. Stimulation of the penis using feet and toes. FJ: Fuck Job FK: French Kiss, French Kissing FKK : Frei Körper Kultur (German brothel / nudist club) FL: Free Lance Flake, Flaky    Errant behavior, often used for providers who no-show and/or have scheduling issues. FOB:Fresh Off the Boat (Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US) FOBU: Fat-Old-Bald-Ugly FOTC: Fuck Of The Century FOV:       Finger Outside Vagina FR: Field Report, Fuck Review French: Oral sex on either party. French Kissing: Kissing on mouth with tongue contact French Without: Oral sex without condom FS   Full Service: (complete sex) Full meal deal: Full Service, Vaginal intercourse to completion. Full Service: Intercourse FUTB: Finger Up The Butt   G Gangbang: One or more women having sex with three or more men GF: Girl Friend. GFE: Girlfriend Experience (usually associated with lots of french-kissing and girlfriend-like attitude) GL: Geylang (Singapore’s ‘legal’ red light district) GND: Girl Next Door (a guy slang for a cute, sweet, innocent, young looking female) GS: Golden Shower (urination on partner – female usually pees on male) Get Comfortable: Get completely naked. GDP: Garota de Program (working girl, on the program) GF3: Girl Friend Experience w/all three holes Glove: Condom Golden Shower: Urinating on your partner, urine play. Greek: Anal sex GRO       : Guest Relations Officer (The Philippines) Generally refers to women in the employ of night clubs and similar establishments. A polite reference to working girls. GSM       G: Spot Massage GV: Geschlechtsverkehr = Intercourse (in German)   H Happy Ending: Cumming/Ejaculation (HJ relief at the end of a massage or any type of sexual activity) HC: Health Centre (massage parlours, where one can usually get more than a massage) HJ: Hand Job (a stroking of the cock with the hand) Half and Half  : Oral sex followed by intercourse. Hardwood Floors  : Clean shaven pussy. HE: Happy Ending Herb Friendly : Is amenable to marijuana use. HHHJ: Half Hearted Hand Job. Hidden Charges: A provider takes the advertised fee upfront, but midway through the session she asks for more money for more services. (e.g. She might undress and give a massage for the advertised $$, but then ask for an additional $ for French, or $$ for FS, etc.) Hindu Massage (Argentina): The woman contracts her vaginal muscles during sex to squeeze you to completion. HM:  High Mileage HME: Honeymoon Experience (lapdog heaven) Hobby: The patronizing of prostitutes. Hobbyist : A man who patronizes prostitutes. Hooker: Prostitute. Hostess Club  : A lower end strip club where bargaining for sex acts with the dancers is acceptable, and some activities may occur on premises. HR: Hand Release (a hand job) HSW: Hispanic Street Walker HTUMA: Her Tongue Up My Ass = The famed rim job HWP: Height and Weight Proportionate   I IMHO: In My Humble Opinion IMO: In My Opinion Incall: You meet the girl at their place. Independent, Indie: An escort who works on her own, without an agency affiliation. The escort manages her own calls, bookings, advertising and finances. Interpreter: Condom (e.g. She spoke French without the aid of an interpreter = BBBJ) IPO: Initial public offering: used to denote the public introduction of a new provider, usually via a review. ISO : In Search Of Italian: Penis rubbing between butt cheeks.   J JG: Jua Gen (massage of the veins and tracts around the groin area – which may or may not end in a HJ (most do), also see section on Terminology below Jizz: Another name for semen/cum/sperm JJ: Jua Jin Jack Shack: Refers to an establishment (massage parlor, lingerie modelling) that is not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and handjob, but more services might be available. Jimmy Hat: A condom John: A man who patronizes prostitutes.   K KC: Kam Cheng KJ: Karaoke Jockey KNN: Kan-Nin-Nia (Hokkien dialect expletive) KP: Kay-Po (busybody in dialect – Hokkien) KPKB: Kao-Pei-Kao-Bu (literally means cry father cry mother in Hokkien dialect, used to describe a person who makes hell of noise when angry) KS: Keong Saik (another of Singapore’s red light district – a one-way road located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area) KTV: Karaoke TV (a karaoke joint, usually with ladies to accompany the customer) KY: Brand name for genital lubricant/gel   L LB: LadyBoy LBFM: Little Brown Fucking Machine (Filipinas) LOS: Land of Smiles (Thailand) Lapdog: Person who worships providers to excess. L/A/S: Looks/Attitude/Service: A subjective ranking system. Each criteria separately ranked, from lowest (1) to highest (10). Examples: 2/9/8 = Unnattractive, but very friendly and good sex. 10/5/4 = Model material, but a poor attitude, and mediocre sex. Landing Strip : Description of pubic hair LC: Local Chinese LCN:      Latin Chica Network (The chica’s mental telepathy network system, which is faster than any electronic network could ever be, although the data does experience major corruption issues during transmissions) LE: Law Enforcement LEO: Law Enforcement Officer LFK:       Light Face Kissing Little Blue: Helper Viagra Little Blue: Pill       Viagra LK: Light Kissing (closed mouth) LMP : Licensed Massage Practitioner LOL:      Laugh Out Loud Lot Lizards: Prostitutes who operate out of truck stops or other trucker hangouts. LSB : Lap Sup Bar (low class bar) LT: Long Time (usually overnight) LTR: Long Term Relationship   M MC: Monster Cock MFM: Male-Female-Male MILF: Mum I’d Like to Fuck (attractive/older/hot women with whom you wanna…) Missionary position: Refers to the sex position where the man lays on top of the woman MM: Mei Mei (young girl) MP: Massage Parlour MTW/M2W: Mild-To-Wild Madame : Proprietress of an agency. Mamasan: Female manager of a massage parlor. MBR       : Multiple Bell Ringing (MSOG) MG: Massage Girl MIB: Man in blue, law enforcement officer. Mileage: A subjective term that describes value for money and/or how accomodating she is. Good mileage usually means she either charges less than average, provides better L/A/S than average, or both. Mish: Missionary position, Man on top during intercourse MJ: Massage Job ML: Make Love ML: Massage Lady MP: Multiple Pops (multiple releases) MPA       : Massage Parlor Attendant MSOG: Multiple Shots on Goal (multiple releases) Multiple   Pops: She allows you to have more than 1 orgasm during the session (e.g. more than one or multiple pops allowed)   N NB: Na-Bey (Hokkien dialect expletive) NBSTL: Neh-Bo-Simi-T0a-Liap (Small Breast) NMNHNLM: No-Money-No-Honey-Nobody-Loves-Me NNKC: Neh-Neh-Kor-Chee (Hokkien expletive) NPNT: No Picture No Talk/No Proof No Talk NQNS: Non Quitter Non Spitter (the provider term for guys who just never gets there or possibly refers to the provider who swallows CIM) Nasi Lemak: A Local Malaysian (for Malaysia only) Newbie: A novice hobbyist or novice provider. NGO: Non-Government Organization NGP Non: Genuine Photos NL: Nasi Lemak / a Local Malaysian (for Malaysia only) NMG: No-Money Guys. Mongers who travel on a strict budget. Nooner: A lunch-time or afternoon session, popular with married hobbyists. No-Show       Escort or Client never shows up for an appointment, does not contact in advance to cancel or warn. No-Touch: No touching allowed. (e.g. No-touch Jack shack, no-touch strip club) NQBC: Non-quitter, but covered. CBJ to completion. NQBS: Non-quitter, but spitter. BBBJTC and spits your ejaculate. NSA : No Strings Attached.   O OC: Officer in Command (refers to your gf/mistress/spouse/etc) OKT: Orh-Kui-Tao (hokkien slang meaning pimp/agent) OL: Office Lady ONS: One night stand OSF: Old Sexy Fellow OT: Orchard Towers (located on the corner of Claymore Road and Orchard Road) OT: Over Time (time beyond an established limit, such as in working hours) Outcall: The girl comes to your place (hotel or residence) for sex O, Os: Orgasm, orgasms. Off-the-clock  : Activities that occur with a provider that she chooses not to charge for. (e.g. “We had lunch off-the-clock”) OKP Or-Kui-Poh: It means a [u]Female[/u] pimp in Hokkien, a Chinese dialect, but sometimes people use OKP/OKT to describe a supervisory person who will guide you in your selection of girls in a spa. OMFIAMP: One Man’s Food Is Another Man’s Posion, (pronounced “Ohm-Fam”) OTOH: On the Other Hand Outcall: The girl comes to your place. Out, Outed: Private, personal information on a hobbyist or provider is made public. e.g. Someone’s real name and address is posted to a public forum. OVN       : Overnight OWO: Oral WithOut a condom OWOTC: Oral Without Condom To Completion   P P4P/PFP: Pay-For-Pleasure/Play (sex with a provider) Painting: Giving cunnilingus (mouth to vagina) PCC: Pak Chew Cheng (Hokkien slang meaning masturbate) PDMM: Pei-Du-Ma-Ma (usually referring to the mature PRC ladies who live in Singapore with their kid(s) who are studying here) PE: Penis Enlargement or Premature Ejaculation Paedophilia: Sex involving an adult (>18) with a minor child (<18) PHAT: Pretty Hot And Tasty PL: Pussy Licking (Female equivalent of BJ) or Pussy Lover PM: Private Message PRC: People’s Republic of China (refers to ladies from China) PTPP: Put-Time-Put-Place PV: Private Viewing Papasan: Male manager of a massage parlor. Party Hat: Condom Pearl Necklace: Man ejaculates on woman’s neck and/or chest PFF  Pussy: For Free (A non-existant fantasy) Pimp: A man who solicits clients for a prostitute. Pinay: a Philippine Girl. PIV: Penis in Vagina PO: Phone Operator POF : Plenty of Fish Pooner: A hobbyist who is immersed in the hobby culture. e.g. He may be very involved with the review boards and/or private exchange of information on providers and the hobby. POS : Pussy on the Side PRC: Women from the People’s Republic of China Provider: Prostitute PS: Private Show (Dance) PSE: Porn Star Experience Punter: British slang for a man who engages in sex with prostitutes. PW: Pussy Wipped (A guy controlled by a girl because she gives him sex)   Q QC: Quality Control   R RAW: not wearing condom Reverse Cowgirl: Girl on top sex position facing away from man RLD: Red Light District (an area where Prostitution is tolerated and/or legal) RQ: Race Queen RQ: Random Questions RTF: Return To Find RTF: Return To Fuck (used to indicate if a person is willing to return to the same prostitute/service provider for another commercial sex deal) RTF: Reverse Titty Fuck (Much like the normal titty fuck except the male is in a reverse position so his ass is now sitting on the face of his bitch) Russian Massage: When a guy places his dick between the girls breasts and rubs/thrusts it back and forth imitating intercourse R & T: Rub and Tug (a massage followed by a hand job) RA: Relaxation Assistant RCA : Reverse Cowgirl Anal REQ       : Request – Used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains a request for information. REV Review: Used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains review of a provider. Reverse Cowgirl: Girl on top facing away. Reverse Half and Half : Intercourse followed by oral sex to completion. Reverse Massage  You massage her. Review: A critical evaluation of a provider. May include information on her looks, attitude and service. Reverse Oral  : The client performs oral sex on the provider. Rimming       : Analingus RLD Red Light District RMP       Russian Massage Parlor ROB       Rip Off B i t c h ROFLMAO      Rolling On (the) Floor Laughing My Ass Off! Roman   An orgy situation. Roman Shower     Vomit play. RTFF        Read the Fucking Forum Russian     Penis between breasts Russian  In Australia:    Short sex session, aka a “Quickie”   S SBF: Sammy Boy Forum SG: Short Gun SG: Singapore SG: Street Girl SOP: Standard Operating Procedure (military term) to describe standard service quality STD: Sexually Transmitted Disease (including: Syphilis, Gonorrhoea, Chlamydia, Vaginal Warts, Herpes, and AIDS) SW: Sex Worker/Street Walker SYT: See You There /Tomorrow (an internet messaging term) SYT: Sweet Young Thing (a young pretty girl) SYWT: Sweet Young White Thing (refer to pretty young Ang-mo/Caucasian) Safe : Sexual activity in which various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid disease (as AIDS) transmitted by sexual contact. e.g. All activities were safe. San Juan Capistrano: BBBJTC and she swallows. Sandbag, Sandbagger:      A subjective term for a review (or reviewer) that misleads the reader by giving unwarranted praise to a provider. SC: Strip Club Scat : Defecation on your partner or feces play. Screening: A provider or agency does a pre-session background check on a new client. Self-post : A provider or agency poses as a hobbyist, and posts a highly positive review of herself or agency to increase business. Sensual Massage: Not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and handjob, but more services might be available. Session: Paid time spent with a provider. Sex Worker: Catch all phrase sometimes used to describe prostitutes. May also be used in the context of strippers, peep show workers, topless waitresses. Shill : An insider posing as a satisfied customer. Shill : A hobbyist who writes unwarranted positive reviews in exchange for discounts or special favors from an agency or provider. Shots on goal: Shot On Goal (one release) Sixty Nine, 69: Partners perform oral sex on each other simultaeneously. Slam, Slammed: An unwarranted harsh review or abusive criticism of a provider. SO: Significant Other SOF: Shit on Floor SOG       : Shot On Goal (one release) SOMF: Sat On My Face SOP Standard Operating Procedure South of the Border: Gential Region SP: Service Provider Spanish  ATM Ass to Mouth Spanish  In Australia: Penis between breasts Spinner: Very petite, thin girl. Squirting, Squirter: Female ejaculation, a provider who ejaculates SR: Sky River (for Malaysia only) SRS:   Sexual reassignment surgery ST: Short Time Sting: A female police officer poses as a prostitute to apprehend unsuspecting johns, or a male police officer poses as a john to apprehend unsuspecting prostitutes. STR : Short Term Relationship Street action  : Prostitution that is solicited on public streets. Prostitutes (usually on foot) are picked up by Johns in motor vehicles. Sexual acts may occur in the vehicle, or at another agreed upon location. Stroll: Path frequented by street walkers. Summer Teeth: Her teeth, some are there, some are not. Sunshine, Sunny: Without a condom (i.e. No raincoat) Sybian:  A mechanical sex device that is in the shape of half-barrel with a dildo attachment mounted in the middle.   T Tarma: Threesome (sex involving 3 people, also ménage à trois) TCSS: Talk Cock Sing Song (to hang out together & engage in casual bantering) TG: Thai Girl (be careful when using this as it means ‘transgender’ internationally!) TKK: Tan-Ku-Ku (literally means wait long long in Hokkien dialect), also see WLL TKK: Teng-Kok-Kok (Hokkien dialect mean hard erection) TN: Tui Na (a type of Chinese body massage) TNN: Teh-Neh-Neh (meaning breast groping in Hokkien dialect) TS: Thread Starter TS: Transsexual TSM: Thai Style Massage Take care of business: Payment is made to provider. e.g. “She wanted to take care of business first” TAMP: Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor Teabag: Man squats and dips balls in partner’s mouth. TGTBT: Too Good To Be True THJ: Topless Hand Job Throne Job: Self-service hand job. Refers to an establishment that doesn’t offer FS. The premises will only have a large chair or “throne” for you to sit on and masturbate while the woman dances for you. TJ:Tijuana TLL：Thai Love Links (a dating website) TLN : Toda La Noche (“All the Night” in Spanish) TOB : Tug on Balls TOFTT: Take one for the team. In reference to a new, non-reviewed provider. TOS:      Take Out Service TP: Tanning Parlor or Tanning Place Translation, translator  Condom i.e. “She spoke fluent french without a translator” = BBBJ Tri-F       A devotee to the “Find them, Fuck them, Forget them” strategy Trick: A sex act for money. Trick: A man who patronizes prostitutes. Troll : Rude and hideous person Trolling: Posting thinly disguised ads in a discussion forum. Trolling: The act of driving around looking for a prostitute. TTA:       Tight Tan Ass Tuft : Description of pubic hair. TUMA: Tongue Up My Ass TV: Transvestite TVSW:Transvestite Street Walker   U Umbrella : Condom. Uncovered: Without a condom. UTR :Under the Radar   V Voyeur: Someone who derives pleasure from observing others engaged in the-act-of-sex VFM ：　Value For Money.   W WL: Working Lady (service providers , prostitute, whore) WLL: Wait Long Long (see TKK) WOW: Woman On Woman WAH：From Wahei: peaceful, harmonious and calm (Japanese) WAH:　Wild Ass Humping Water Sports :　Urination play. Weeklies:　   Alternative weekly newspapers. These often contain various adult service listings, including massage and escort advertisements. e.g. The Village Voice, San Francisco Bay Guardian, The Stranger. WF:　Wild Fuck WG:　Working girl. A prostitute. White Knight:　   A poster who defends or “comes to the rescue” of a provider who has been reviewed poorly, regardless of whether the review is accurate. With:　With condom (e.g. French with = CBJ) Without:　Without condom. (e.g. French without = BBBJ) WIR       :　Would I Repeat, Would I Return, Would I Recommend WOA:　Word of Advice Working girl:　A prostitute. WSW:　White Street Walker WTF:　What the Fuck?   X XOXO:　Kisses & Hugs   Y YMMV:　Your Mileage May Vary (you could get different results) YMMV Girl:　A provider who is known for being inconsistent in her attitude and service. i.e. Gets hot and cold reviews.   Other 1/2 and 1/2:　Half and half, oral sex + full service 411:Seeking information. 420:4:20 AKA marijuana 69:　Two people giving each other oral sex at the same time.   The above information is from the following website: http://www.sammyboyforum.com/showthread.php?t=155447 http://www.internationalsexguide.info/forum/custompages.php?pageid=custompages_abbreviations Related posts: Recommendation of Beijing Independent Escort Girls Escort Service Rates in Beijing Beijing Sex Guide This entry was posted in Beijing, Others on May 9, 2013 by Ai. About Ai Amy Ai is a freelance writer who enjoys the challenges of creativity and attention to detail. She graduated from Jilin University with a major in English and has been an excellent professional with an emphasis in Literary Studies. She is the author of many excellent blog articles and has been writing on the blog article for several years. Her research interests include many aspects. View all posts by Ai → Post navigation ← Using Momo to Meet the Friendly Chinese Girl The Best KTVs in Beijing → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> We now have a new forum! If you have questions or need helps in Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, Singapore . Go there: http://forum.beguide.com We can help you ! Loading Recent Posts Something About Incall Escort Services in China Thai Aroma Massage in the Long Island Massage and Spa Group Buying of Regency Taipan Massage & Spa with Affordable Price Erotic Massage at A Clinical Research Center in Beijing Beijing Sex Guide Recent Comments Doreen on How to Find Escorts in Honolulu Giants jerseys cheap on Brothels Converted From Toilets Raided by Hong Kong Police contact one of these escorts on How to Find Escorts in Honolulu Norbert on To Find a Full Service Escort and Massage Girl in Beijing Mike on Where to Find Sex in Guangzhou Site Information About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Member Services Register Login Create Posting Manage Postings Fund Account Help Desk/Support Create New Ticket View Ticket History Knowledge Base Massage Guides Massage Wiki Copyright © 2014 Happy Massage Information All rights reserved
1	Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback DCist is a website about Washington, DC View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Which D.C. Massage Parlors Offer 'Happy Endings' ? by Sommer Mathis in Miscellaneous on Mar 28, 2008 11:20 am A user on the Washington, D.C. page of the USASexGuide's massage parlor online discussion forum was kind enough to link to a post of ours earlier this week, at which point we were alerted to the web site's existence. And boy oh boy, does it contain mounds of helpful/hilarious information about which Asian massage parlors in the District offer the best "full service" technicians. In other words, this is a chat room for men to share with each other where they can find massage parlors that trade in sex workers. Some of the terms used, along with some small images at the top of the page, are NSFW, so proceed with some caution when you follow this link. UPDATE: It should be noted that not every single one of the massage parlors mentioned are necessarily "Asian". The vast majority of posters on this web site refer to AMPs, or Asian Massage Parlors, but there do appear to be some establishments mentioned that employ women who are not Asian. This online forum is available for the public to read without registration, and the men who frequent it often use code words and acronyms, many of which are explained in a handy glossary. So which D.C. massage parlors do the posters on USASexGuide say offer more than just massages these days? A few we could figure out: One frequently mentioned parlor is Supra Spa at 1333 Connecticut Ave. NW #4, just south of Dupont (also known as Dupont Spa elsewhere in the forum). Although a recent posting on the web site indicates one user thought Supra might now be closed, a call placed to its listed phone number was answered by a woman who simply said, "hello." The 1333 Spa at 1333 Green Court NW, just below Thomas Circle, which is often advertised in the Washington City Paper. It's generally referred to just as "1333" on the forum. What's up with the number 1333 being common to these two establishments? A call to 1333 Spa confirmed they are open for business. The most recent comments on the site suggest that the 14K Spa at 1413 K St. NW has recently reopened for business. The 14K Spa was one of five locations raided by federal agents in a sex-slave trafficking sting in 2006. There are many other establishments mentioned that are hard to tell if they are still open or not, or are referred to by nicknames, and we have yet to compile an exhaustive list. If you'd rather not check out the massage parlor forum in the office, allow us to share some of the highlights. Some of our favorite passages are below the jump -- but keep in mind, these descriptions are graphic. Follow at your own risk. Username Cabdriver52: I decided to visit green court. I met with Nana and had a blast! Shower was good, cleaned all the right places. I felt downright clean. Even the pacific rim was spotless. Next, back to the room. No real massage to speak of. She gave me a quick but effective karate chop all over and massaged my shoulders. Felt heavenly. On my way in, mama asked about how I was and she told me to have a good time. Apparently the girl got the message. So, flip and there she is gloriously rubbing her boobs all over me and smiling. She decides to check out mr happy and massage the rim at the same time. Next I get a face full of clam and she goes to work downstairs. She has a talent with her mouth. I playfully smack her in the ass. She loved it. Next we're on to visit the cowgirl and we're off to the races. Definitely working her internal muscles and I'm in heaven. She spins on the pole and I get a view from behind. She inquires if I want to walk the dog and I have to simply comply. We walk the dog for what seems like forever and finally I break the seal. She's sweaty and so am I but I really don't care. A few minutes go by and I get a hot towel and mouthwash.We still haven't been able to guess what "walk the dog" means, but it certainly appears this guy claims he received both a blow job and intercourse at 1333. Username Chaz: There has been a little discussion recently about whether BBBJ ever happens in an AMP. I reported some time ago about my experiences in that regard. It can happen. And I am talking about BBBJCIM. My first time was at Downtown. I was a bit drunk andf very tired and couldn't perform despite Maya's best efforts. So she pulled off the cover and finished the job. The second time was with Louie at Happiness. After the shower and back in the room, while on her knees drying me off, she looked up and asked, with her eyes, whether I wanted a BJ. Of course I said yes. When I was about to finish I told her, and she hesitated for a second, and then took it in her mouth. The third time was at Green Court with May. After a table shower with mamasan, May started with a fantastic BBBJ. Before I knew it, I was finishing. She initially seemed upset, but then she said she enjoyed it and asked that I please come back. So it does happen. There was also A Japanes girl who advertised in the CP and she started with a BBBJ. When I was ready to finish I told her and she said "Do you want to cum in mouth? It's okay. " Do I have to tell you I said yes? Some of the acronyms used in the above posting include: BBBJ = Bareback Blowjob (a blowjob without a condom), CIM = Cum in mouth, AMP = Asian Massage Parlor. Username Hugh Jardon: 1333 - First time at this place. It looks like it's been there a while. Not on the beaten path, is it? Asked for "Jai" and she appeared, wondering why I had asked for her. The usual mumbo-jumbo about a friend referring her and off we went. Lots of fun, good English, okay bod(no ass to speak of), small natural titties. Good TS and she gave her all to give me a good massage, working herself up quite a lather. Once the fun started, she was outstanding! Took direction well, had some good initiative. She is very flexible and lets you put her in all sorts of positions. Excellent performer! Nice lady, too. A good time was had by all, or at least me. TS = Table shower. Username Fuel Man: Well, I was glad to hear that 14K was opened. Had to make the trip down there. Went in and drew Annie. I should have asked for Rose since my fellow mongerer rated her all 8's. Annie was disappointing to say the least. Nothing spectacular about the table shower, same old, same old. We headed back to the room where she proceeded with a very light massage for about 3 minutes, and then it was down to business. She took her clothes off, and the first thing I noticed was her fake boobs with huge scars undeneath. Nice nipples, though, although she hardly let me suck or play with them! Quik BJ, and I asked for some 69 action. She acted like she didn't understand, and went for the lube. We proceeded with all the usual positions for about 15 minutes until I finished. I figured I would atleast get a hard massage afterwords, but no. She rushed to get me a hot towel, helped me get dressed and it was like she was trying to get me out the door as quik as possible. I would not repeat with Annie, but can't wait to go back to check out old Rosie! Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. asian massage parlors crime internet prostitution Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
1	  City-Data Forum > U.S. Forums > New York > New York City Question about massage parlors (house, price, title) User Name Remember Me Password  [Register] Please register to participate in our discussions with 1.5 million other members - it's free and quick! Some forums can only be seen by registered members. After you create your account, you'll be able to customize options and access all our 15,000 new posts/day with fewer ads. View detailed profile (Advanced) or search site with Search Forums  (Advanced) Page 1 of 3 1 2 3 >   02-12-2012, 04:42 PM Miss J 74   Location: Brooklyn, NY born & raised! 2,551 posts, read 2,812,990 times Reputation: 3437 Advertisements So occasionally I go to one of the numerous massage places by my job which seem to be on the up and up. This week I decided to go to one by my house. What transpired I can only count as being something close to sexual harassment. They pulled my pants and underwear down below my behind, and started massaging me all over. While this was going on, I heard a stream of guys coming in all asking for an hour massage. I wondered if it was not just mere coincidence that they all asked for the same amount of time. They were taken far into a back room and down some stairs from what I could tell by the sounds. While yes I know some massage parlors exist still that have seedy things going on, I couldn't help but wonder if the one by my house was one of them. I never felt weird at the places by my job, but here it was a completely different atmosphere. Has anyone else experienced this? Or am I possibly paranoid? My BF has said every time he passes the place it seems seedy to him.   02-12-2012, 04:56 PM rlrl   12,120 posts, read 21,975,093 times Reputation: 3661 you call yourself jana and say you have a boyfriend if you are a female what are you doing going to massage places? as a customer or as a provider? unless you are male and have a boyfriend, i don't know i'm not understanding how it could be sexual harrassment if both provider and customer know such stuff goes on in a massage parlor. how is the scenario you describe (massaging you all over) any different than other mp's? such mp's are by their very nature in theory are seedy and paranoia is not unusual because customers are always afraid of a police raid i don't think i have ever read such an entertaining and odd post before!!   02-12-2012, 06:22 PM FlushingRepresenter   400 posts, read 684,344 times Reputation: 243 Come to Main St (last stop on the 7) it wont seem to weird after that. MASSAGGEEEEE!   02-12-2012, 07:04 PM Baby Punisher   Location: Staten Island 387 posts, read 372,416 times Reputation: 238 Quote: Originally Posted by missjanna74 So occasionally I go to one of the numerous massage places by my job which seem to be on the up and up. This week I decided to go to one by my house. What transpired I can only count as being something close to sexual harassment. They pulled my pants and underwear down below my behind, and started massaging me all over. While this was going on, I heard a stream of guys coming in all asking for an hour massage. I wondered if it was not just mere coincidence that they all asked for the same amount of time. They were taken far into a back room and down some stairs from what I could tell by the sounds. While yes I know some massage parlors exist still that have seedy things going on, I couldn't help but wonder if the one by my house was one of them. I never felt weird at the places by my job, but here it was a completely different atmosphere. Has anyone else experienced this? Or am I possibly paranoid? My BF has said every time he passes the place it seems seedy to him. I used to work in an office on 18th ave & 71st st. that had a "massage parlor" upstairs. It was raided evantually. U want a nice, legit massage stick to a legit spa like AF Bennet, Massage envy or Remedy spa etc...   02-12-2012, 07:20 PM Airborneguy   Location: Staten Island, NY 5,565 posts, read 4,087,891 times Reputation: 4488 Were the workers there Chinese? Not to sound racist, but I've never come across a legitimate Chinese run massage parlor in Brooklyn, they simply don't exist.   02-12-2012, 07:24 PM nightnurse613   351 posts, read 1,015,390 times Reputation: 219 I agree (mostly with rlrl) but BF could stand for Best Friend.....???!!!!   02-12-2012, 07:46 PM rlrl   12,120 posts, read 21,975,093 times Reputation: 3661 never thought of that nightnurse!!   02-12-2012, 08:01 PM lalimalina   4 posts, read 10,788 times Reputation: 11 Quote: Originally Posted by rlrl you call yourself jana and say you have a boyfriend if you are a female what are you doing going to massage places? as a customer or as a provider? rlrl, I hope I'm misunderstanding what you're saying. It sounds like you're implying that massage therapy is something seedy and sexual that is improper for women to partake of... -------------------------------- I just want to point out that one hour is the standard length for a massage, and massage therapy is used on the entire body, including the glutes... So there is nothing inherently off about those things, Janna. I'm not saying the place you went was necessarily on the up-and-up, or that it was shady, but either way it sounds like there was a huge miscommunication. I'm sorry you had such an uncomfortable experience!!   02-12-2012, 08:05 PM Henna   8,817 posts, read 16,265,551 times Reputation: 5640 Quote: Originally Posted by lalimalina rlrl, I hope I'm misunderstanding what you're saying. It sounds like you're implying that massage therapy is something seedy and sexual that is improper for women to partake of... -------------------------------- I just want to point out that one hour is the standard length for a massage, and massage therapy is used on the entire body, including the glutes... So there is nothing inherently off about those things, Janna. I'm not saying the place you went was necessarily on the up-and-up, or that it was shady, but either way it sounds like there was a huge miscommunication. I'm sorry you had such an uncomfortable experience!! Do legitimate massage therapists call their place of work a "massage parlor" (title of thread). I always thought that term was reserved for places of ill-repute. There are plenty of good massage places in this city with well trained massage therapists. To OP - I suggest checking yelp or another review site before going into a place, or at the very least, check the qualifications of the staff before you make an appointment. Last edited by Henna; 02-12-2012 at 09:30 PM.. Reason: typo   02-12-2012, 08:33 PM availableusername   4,655 posts, read 5,335,481 times Reputation: 3721 I booked a couples massage at the extremely pricey Great Jones Spa when I first started dating my girl. Booked hot tub time and everything. Needless to say, I didn't need a happy ending from a masseuse that night Although when I put it like that, I guess I essentially did pay for one haha. Please register to post and access all features of our very popular forum. It is free and quick. Over $68,000 in prizes has already been given out to active posters on our forum. Additional giveaways are planned. Detailed information about all U.S. cities, counties, and zip codes on our site: City-data.com. Page 1 of 3 1 2 3 > City-Data Forum Message   Cancel Changes Quick Reply The following errors occurred with your submission Okay Message:  Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait « Previous Thread | Next Thread »   City-Data Forum > U.S. Forums > New York > New York City Similar Threads Good Tattoo Parlors?, New York City, 8 replies Tattoo parlors with low/no minimum prices?, New York City, 1 replies nice romantic spot for couple massage?, New York City, 19 replies Massage In NY, New York City, 0 replies Question on Chinese herbal stores offering massage, New York City, 3 replies View detailed profiles of: Malone, New York Hope, New York All times are GMT -6. © 2005-2016, Advameg, Inc. City-Data.com - Archive 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32 - Top
1	ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Manhattan Below 14th St NY » East Village Spa Other locations New York City massage parlors: Asian Bodywork 38 Mate Uni Spa Pearl Angel Spa Lucky 1998 Massage Look Good Beauty Inc June's Day Spa Wonderful Massage Bull & Bear Spa Blissful Asian Bodywork Beppu Spa Professional Asian Bodywork Pearl Angel Spa Fishion Herb Center/Chinese Therapy Ho Man Chinatown Massage Relaxing Bodywork Li Beauty & Spa Pearl Rainbow Spa Green Apple Spa Natural Body Works All New York City massage parlors -Select- 12 Bowery 38 Mate 38 Mate Acacia Spa Aria Spa Asian Bodywork Asian Spa Beach Girls Bella Body Shoppe Beppu Spa Beppu Spa Beppu Spa Best Back & Foot Rub Best One Spa Best One Spa Blissful Asian Bodywork Bodywork Bodyworks Station Bull & Bear Spa Canal Spa Canal Street Bodywork Chinese Acupuncture Chinese Herb Health Center Cloud 9 Spa Daisy Bodywork Downtown Asian BodyRub East Village Bodywork East Village Massage Eden Day Spa Elizabeth Beauty Spa Eros Fly New York Essex Bodywork Fantasia Fantasia NYC Feet Island, Inc. Fishion Herb Center/Chinese Therapy Foot Heaven Forest Beauty Spa Forsyth Massage Fortuna Beauty Salon Full Body Enjoy Massage G-Golden Spa Gold Spa Grand Spa Green Apple Spa Green Massage Greenwich Spa Happy Feet Heaven-E Spa Hester Spa Ho Man Chinatown Massage Hon Man Bodywork Hon Man Chinese Body Work Hong Lee Center Jasmine Relax Jilin Spa June's Day Spa Kai Feng Shiatsu. Qi Gong Master Kai Yue Chinese Tui-Na King Spa La Belle Day Spa Lao Yu's Body Spa Le Vince Spa Li Beauty & Spa Lili Massage Look Good Beauty Inc LOTUS FLOWER SPA Lucky 1998 Massage Massage on Nassau Street Massage, Acupressure, Acupuncture Metro Spa Mott Spa Natural Body Works One Spa Orchid Spa Origo Spa Papaya Spa Pearl Angel Spa Pearl Angel Spa Pearl Rainbow Spa Pinkys Village Spa Prince Spa Professional Asian Bodywork Real Spa Relaxing Bodywork Relaxing Spa Palace Renew Body Wellness Rich Feet River Asian Spa Rose's Spa Rub Diva Sakura Spa Serenity Town Spa Skyline Spa Soul Star Day Spa Taiji Bodyworks Tell Mama Chinese Health Salon Traditional Spa Uni Spa Water Front Spa Waterfront Spa Wonderful Massage Xin Spa Yin Zuo Spa Zhou Shi Massage Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... East Village Spa in New York City, New York Distance to this massage parlor center: 2,449.5 mi 28 reviews LEAVE A REVIEW ADD TO FAVORITES Masseuse Style: Asian, Japanese, Korean Cards Accepted: Visa, Mastercard, Discover Sauna: No Jacuzzi: No Semi-Truck Parking: No 30 min: $60 60 min: $80 Address: East 10th St, 2nd Floor New York City, New York 10010 Major Streets: Right in the heart of the village! Between 3rd And 4th Ave Get Driving Directions Phone Number: ✆ 917-261-6325 917-261-6325 REPORT Hours: Open now Daily 12:00am - 12:00am Massage parlor reviews (28) Comments (2) New York Forum Order: Review Date Provider Name jessthemess Sarah #302677 08.02 2016 pedromons419 Sarah #286244 06.13 2016 3 clespis Sarah #269863 04.21 2016 setht9 Sarah #250189 03.01 2016 surferTim85 Sara #233340 01.12 2016 2 tumonbayboy Vicky #217823 11.19 2015 maniacbilly Vicky #202071 09.29 2015 udanity Vicky #194461 08.07 2015 sicario33 Vicky #187894 06.19 2015 Press_Up Clara #179445 04.28 2015 SKNYBOY Suzie #171506 03.06 2015 eddieking1 April #163334 01.12 2015 reddesert Suzie #156926 11.13 2014 makoshark April #156046 11.06 2014 knucklez Annie #155268 10.31 2014 WranglerSteve #141655 07.15 2014 1 DLalways Vicky #134747 05.21 2014 Bigbear Vicky #127857 04.03 2014 2 barakz21 April #118111 01.29 2014 ronsonjohnson Amy #95652 08.21 2013 lkspicer88 Lily #86226 06.17 2013 June 2013 √ X Office Building Night $60 Massage Parlor Details: Hit this place on a weeknight. Picked Lily, she has a cute face and a tight body with excellent enhanced C cups and a nice ass. Lily √ Korean 25-30 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Mid Back C √ Perfect Nice & Round Clean Shaven X √ X X √ CFS √ BBBJ ? ? ? $120 She led me to the big room in the back. Lily returned to the room shortly. I was really wound up and wanted to skip the perfunctory massage so I asked her just to remove her clothes and lie down. I started DATY with light fingering of her clit. She was very vocal and I was able to make her come. It was my turn and she went down and started sucking my cock. She has good technique with plenty of suction, I almost blew into her mouth. After a bit, she applied a cover and got on top of me. She rode me for a while in Cowgirl, and then we switched to Missionary until completion. Gave me a nice hug and escorted me to the lobby and out the door I went. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) laclark68 Apple #77118 04.15 2013 April 2013 √ X Store Front Afternoon $60 Massage Parlor Details: It was my 1st time at this parlor, I only went with a friend who's been going here for a while now. Apple √ Korean 36-40 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Average Regular ? X X X X X X √ X X √ ? $40 My friend has been here and referred me. It was odd to walk in with a friend who partakes in this 'hobby.' I thought I would be waiting but evidently they've got more than one woman here. He was even talking to them in Korean and they seemed to know him. I don't think he has an account here on the site though haha. I got serviced by Apple? I think that was her name, she just mentioned that and I was thinking "what kind of name is that?" Her massage is more like tickling. She does kinda do a semi back rub but she tries. It was okay but I thought these women would have done more of a better job with the massage. She did ask about my friend and I kinda laughed, I'm sure he had Apple as well. She's pretty (with the makeup) and has an okay body. I just played with her tits awkwardly when she gave me a happy ending. Okay first time experience in these parlors. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) snusbox Shelly #68867 02.14 2013 February 2013 √ X Store Front Afternoon $60 Massage Parlor Details: Shelly is really sexy and sweet. Her petite and tiny body turn me on a lot and I wished that this place was more obvious with its extras menu. Anyway, she greets me when I walk in and said she can be my masseuse. I tell her please because I am already ready for her action. She is wearing some tight shorts and a skimpy little top Shelly √ Korean 36-40 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Average Nice & Round ? X X ? X ? ? √ ? √ √ ? $40 Once in the room, she allows me some time to relax before giving me a really good massage. We trade small talk and it's much more comforting and less awkward after that. I really enjoyed the massage and she sneaks under to give me some teasing around the junk. As she closes in on me, I begin to feel her body up. Flipped and she takes the towel away and we negotiate quick prices. I nod and let her do her thing and all I do is grab her butt occasionally. She helps me let out a huge release that drowns her hands in my juice. She takes her time cleaning me, and takes the tip with a big smile. She tells me to come back and I will. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (1) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) Hotspurs2 Angie #67730 02.06 2013 February 2013 √ X Office Building Afternoon $60 Massage Parlor Details: I think the other two I saw was Shelly and Jamie. Didn't feel like FS just got a quick tug Angie √ Korean 36-40 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Average Regular ? X ? ? X ? ? √ ? √ √ ? $40 Been curious about this parlor and I've great things about this massage joint so I decided to go check it out when I had free time yesterday. Went inside and was greeted by MMS, I saw three women talking about and I was excited, chose Angie and MMS even said, 'go see angie she is a nice girl.' Once I was in the room I removed my clothes and laid on the table and she was looking pretty good. She started to give me a back massage and then she asked how did I found the parlor and if it was my first time, I replied to her questions and made her feel more comfortable when I started to rub her legs and grabbed her butt. She turned me over and pointed below and went to quick work with the oil and good release. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) blu12 Pinky #59796 11.29 2012 November 2012 √ X Office Building Late Night $70 Massage Parlor Details: Messed up here, more could have been offered, I just messed up big time. Shame too. Pinky √ Korean 25-30 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length C √ Perfect Nice & Round ? ? X X X X X X X X √ ? $40 I don't know what it was but I think I almost got didn't get nothing at all here. Okay, let me backtrack this a bit, I'm going to rant a bit so bear with me. I read these reviews time to time and been to a couple, I'm not exactly the best in getting "full service" but I noticed with something like this, I thought tipping afterwards is the best way to go. I don't know if it was something I said or just Pinky in general, but I think she took it the wrong way where it was like I didn't want anything from "her" in general. I didn't even try bother explaining what went wrong, I just gave her a $40 apologized and realized I screwed up big time in getting anything done here. I'm sorry mongers, I tried, but I know I'm a classic new first user. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) Djjoshl2 Pinky #51080 09.12 2012 1 September 2012 √ X Office Building Night $70 Massage Parlor Details: I went in the other night. Gave the gorgeous young mamasan $70 (wish she'd been on the menu). Pinky √ Korean 25-30 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length C X Perfect Nice & Round Trimmed X √ √ X √ CFS √ CBJ √ √ ? $120 Was escorted back and told to sit on the chair while 2 girls were paraded in front of me. There was Angela and Pinky. I chose Pinky and the mamasan told me to get ready. I undressed, got on the bed, and Pinky came in and began a real nice massage. I was playing too. After a while, she asked what I wanted and I said everything. She excused herself and came back in a couple of minutes. Said it would be 120. She played with me for a bit, then got down to business and got on top. I played with her firm tits as she rode me. We then went Doggie where I finished up. She cleaned me up and I left. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) comments: the hobbyist: 09.12 2012 whats up with MMS... why can't that be on the menu???? george69 #31137 11.11 2011 2 July 2008 √ √ Residence Noon $80 ? √ Caucasian ? ? ? ? ? ? X ? ? ? ? ? ? X ? ? √ ? √ √ ? $30 Years ago, on 2 different occasions, I went to this place during a meal break from work. At that time the door buzzer actually said "Yippi" instead of "Yeppie". I don't know if that has changed or not. Both times were equally pleasurable, and I have thought about making a special trip to go back one of these days. Each time I went, and even the times I walked by the place, there was an older asian gentleman sitting on the steps; sometimes reading a paper. I went up the steps, got buzzed in and went up to the entrance where mamasan greeted me, got the house fee, and took me to a room. At that time, mamasan was a short, dark haired, heavyset asian woman. I got undressed. My provider came in and greeted me and gave me something to cover up with for the walk to the TS. Its been so long that I can't remember if it was a towel or robe, but I remember visually taking in the beauty of my provider and enjoying the warm friendly GFE. The TS was thorough and enjoyable. Back to the room, I laid face down. She made sure I was dry, and then began the massage. I remember the massage as being good. On the flip, the HJ was playfully arousing and enjoyable. I enjoyed myself touching and rubbing bare T&A, but only rubbed the kitty through the bottoms of her outfit (cloth bottoms with attached microskirt). That was because she was wearing a pantyliner/light pad. After regaining full consciousness from my "altered state", she cleaned me up, finished up with a little more massage to the neck, and helped me get dressed. I gave her the tip ($30), she walked me to the door and hugged me warmly as I left. After the second time I was there I realized that the pantyliner/light pad had a different purpose than what I thought. I realized that it was to prevent infections from spreading from girl to girl. Yes, I realize they most likely was the outfits every day. Next time I will verify that theory. I haven't been back simply because I've been out of work, and it's not close to where I am; but it's definitely a place I recommend and will get back to eventually. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (2) Interesting (1) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) comments: bacongrease: 11.19 2011 this place has been closed since spring, building under demo/rebuild george69: 01.03 2012 Hope they reopen. It was a good place. anaconda_2014 Jessica #24634 04.29 2011 3 April 2011 √ X Residence Night $80 Jessica √ Asian 18-24 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Brown ? B X Petite Nice & Round Clean Shaven √ ? √ X ? CFS √ CBJ ? √ ? $120 Cute little basement set-up and the most decent rooms I've seen so far. Was looking for a Rose but seeing as she was on vacation till next month ended up with Jessica. Not bad, cute petite girl with a nice body. No table shower which was a bit of a downer but just a stand up wash here and there deal. Massage was barely acceptable but on the turn, CBJ was very acceptable, could've done with less teeth but started to turn the night around. From here as always CG and then Mish. Still working on not trying to go out to fast but she was not helping. Anyway, after clean up was a nice cuddle until time up. Overall pretty nice, has its good points (I like the cute type) and bad but will definitely give this place another go when Rose comes around. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (3) comments: slowburn: 05.05 2011 Closed eddie5190: 05.13 2011 Something wrong here. The place is a walk UP on the second floor - not basement. Been there for years and they don't do FS mailinator: 06.03 2012 Closed Senna-Retired  01.12 2015 : This is thus same as East Village Bodywork. Please check. joehayeah  11.21 2011 : Possibly reopened: http://manhattan.backpage.com/BodyRubs/yeppi-spa-all-new-the-villages-best-kept-secret-26/25506035 However, tel # not working... Can someone TOFTT? New York - newest forum topics TopicsReplies, Views, Last post. 1 Rockland County by emfrimbo 3 replies 245967 views 10/06/2016 18:30:24 by emfrimbo 1 24 hours?? by broker02 8 replies 394009 views 09/12/2016 20:16:45 by kobe08 1 Empire Spa by mickster 1 replies 743596 views 09/12/2016 14:54:48 by the hobbyist 1 Some massage girl girl with slute clothes (decent price) by anxel_ 10 replies 750514 views 08/16/2016 11:01:52 by biboi 1 Sara from Spa Aura by msnyc 1 replies 1253387 views 07/09/2016 19:58:17 by somegolfer 1 anyone know where Pink from Rainbow Spa ended up? by jfurta 2 replies 1301780 views 07/06/2016 23:24:04 by jfurta 1 Which one to choose in NYC? by mlpjay 2 replies 1381905 views 07/04/2016 09:48:32 by mlpjay 1 Any Korean/Japanese MPs in Astoria? by nyguy807 0 replies 1560686 views Never 1 Big tits in Flushing or near? by nirvana_life 4 replies 1800343 views 08/18/2016 17:29:18 by nirvana_life 1 Helen from Hiyako Spa by nick1sp 2 replies 1834699 views 07/01/2016 15:50:47 by GardenofBones   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	CLOSE ADVERTISEMENT Massage Therapy News Forums Not a Topix user yet? Sign Up Forgot Your Password? Back to login Sections All Topix Top Stories Forums User Forums Business Tech Sports Entertainment US News Weird News Offbeat Stars! Topix › Massage Therapy › Does women get erotic massages? Does women get erotic massages? Posted in the Massage Therapy Forum Leave a Comment Track Replies Comments 1 - 20 of 70 Comments Last updated Aug 27, 2016 First Prev of 4 Next Last Wondering Petersburg, VA #1 Sep 29, 2011 I just can't help but wonder if women get erotic massages. Please post here and let all of us experience your erotic massage experiences. Judged: 76 19 2 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Rose UK #3 Nov 28, 2011 Wondering wrote: I just can't help but wonder if women get erotic massages. Please post here and let all of us experience your erotic massage experiences. Hi girls, I'd like to share with you my first experience of an erotic massage: it was a while ago, maybe 6-9 months ago but it was i think the best best massage. I have been quite a few times for normal massages, but this time i decided to go for what i call "The massage":)and it has been in my mind for a long time. Well, i have to tell you it was amazing, and i received it from a male therapist, what he called: masseur. Quite good looking guy, very friendly and very professional. I only had to relax, then all my tensions and worries of how it will be have melted. The room was really warm and lovely, candles, music and all the rest....i heard of him from a friend of mine, she practices yoga and tantra so i was hoping to be in good hands. I recommended to you all. Sorry for writing so much, i just dont want someone to go to a dodgy place, make sure they are professionals. So after a really nice relaxing soft touch massage all over my body which happened i guess for about 50 min, he started approaching my private area and this was the best as i felt like i was healing from certain blockages, and pains that i previously had. He was really nice, took me very gently and seemed to know well what he was doing. I felt like making love to a stranger, but i wasn't obviously, but in the same time it felt like i am very comfortable and trusted him, had to learn to surrender, though....and all this only with his hands. I have to say it took me a while to get used to the idea that i will be touched by a different person than my husband in my private area, but it worth it. I can give you a link of their website page where they explain about this kind of massage: http://www.ecstaticjoytantricmassage.com/tant... So here is my experience, if you managed to get to the end of this posting, i congratulate you, and thank you for reading. All the best, Rose Judged: 45 19 2 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Ethics Always “Lifelong Learning” Since: Aug 11 20 Location hidden Please wait... #4 Nov 28, 2011 Rose wrote: <quoted text> Hi girls, I'd like to share with you my first experience of an erotic massage: it was a while ago, maybe 6-9 months ago but it was i think the best best massage. I have been quite a few times for normal massages, but this time i decided to go for what i call "The massage":)and it has been in my mind for a long time. Well, i have to tell you it was amazing, and i received it from a male therapist, what he called: masseur. Quite good looking guy, very friendly and very professional. I only had to relax, then all my tensions and worries of how it will be have melted. The room was really warm and lovely, candles, music and all the rest....i heard of him from a friend of mine, she practices yoga and tantra so i was hoping to be in good hands. I recommended to you all. Sorry for writing so much, i just dont want someone to go to a dodgy place, make sure they are professionals. So after a really nice relaxing soft touch massage all over my body which happened i guess for about 50 min, he started approaching my private area and this was the best as i felt like i was healing from certain blockages, and pains that i previously had. He was really nice, took me very gently and seemed to know well what he was doing. I felt like making love to a stranger, but i wasn't obviously, but in the same time it felt like i am very comfortable and trusted him, had to learn to surrender, though....and all this only with his hands. I have to say it took me a while to get used to the idea that i will be touched by a different person than my husband in my private area, but it worth it. I can give you a link of their website page where they explain about this kind of massage: http://www.ecstaticjoytantricmassage.com/tant... So here is my experience, if you managed to get to the end of this posting, i congratulate you, and thank you for reading. All the best, Rose How funny! You got 50 minutes of foreplay followed by masturbation, AND YOU ACTUALLY PAID FOR IT??? My god girl, you could have gotten that for free in the back room of any London pub, and the bloke would have bought your drinks all night to boot! Bargain? NOT Judged: 29 7 5 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Isabelle UK #5 Nov 28, 2011 Ethics Always wrote: <quoted text>How funny! You got 50 minutes of foreplay followed by masturbation, AND YOU ACTUALLY PAID FOR IT??? My god girl, you could have gotten that for free in the back room of any London pub, and the bloke would have bought your drinks all night to boot! Bargain? NOT Well, actually i do not agree with you, Sorry but as what Rose has described seems like a different and very interesting massage she had. And yes, it might be absolutely untouchable for your mind, but to me it seems (even though i wish she would've given more details ;)...)like a completely different approanch of what i have encountered so far....so you are missing out on a lot, my dear forum friend...open your heart and maybe unblock some inhibitions...good luck anyhow... Rose, thanks for posting this special experience for the rest of us, thanks for your courage and words... Judged: 11 10 3 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Isabelle UK #6 Nov 28, 2011 Rose wrote: <quoted text> Hi girls, I'd like to share with you my first experience of an erotic massage: it was a while ago, maybe 6-9 months ago but it was i think the best best massage. I have been quite a few times for normal massages, but this time i decided to go for what i call "The massage":)and it has been in my mind for a long time. Well, i have to tell you it was amazing, and i received it from a male therapist, what he called: masseur. Quite good looking guy, very friendly and very professional. I only had to relax, then all my tensions and worries of how it will be have melted. The room was really warm and lovely, candles, music and all the rest....i heard of him from a friend of mine, she practices yoga and tantra so i was hoping to be in good hands. I recommended to you all. Sorry for writing so much, i just dont want someone to go to a dodgy place, make sure they are professionals. So after a really nice relaxing soft touch massage all over my body which happened i guess for about 50 min, he started approaching my private area and this was the best as i felt like i was healing from certain blockages, and pains that i previously had. He was really nice, took me very gently and seemed to know well what he was doing. I felt like making love to a stranger, but i wasn't obviously, but in the same time it felt like i am very comfortable and trusted him, had to learn to surrender, though....and all this only with his hands. I have to say it took me a while to get used to the idea that i will be touched by a different person than my husband in my private area, but it worth it. I can give you a link of their website page where they explain about this kind of massage: http://www.ecstaticjoytantricmassage.com/tant... So here is my experience, if you managed to get to the end of this posting, i congratulate you, and thank you for reading. All the best, Rose Thank you for your post and courage to share your experience with us... Judged: 10 4 3 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! TedS Portland, OR #8 Jan 16, 2013 Back when I was in college, I went to work at a spa. I was 20 and sort of cute I guess, slender and nicely built. My job was to clean the place, refresh the hot tubs, minimum wage stuff. One day a woman about 40 asked the female owner if I was available to do a rubdown, the owner told her no because I wasn't licensed. They got to talking and I guess there was a tip because next thing I knew I was doing one. With no idea how to. Nothing much happened except the lady asked me to rub her breasts because they hurt so I did. That was fun. The boss let me do several after that, she even taught me some things that felt good. I worked there for 4 years, by then I had dozens of regulars and a license. Housewives can get very naughty, let me tell you. I never did more than just touch them, but I sure did learn the tricks to satsify most of them. Some women are easy, some hard work, but all if them were great fun, even the big heavy ones. It paid for my degree in engineering too. After I graduated, I tried a stint as a masseur, but it was very hard to get clients, women do better in the field. Oddly, at the spa, I had no problem at all, many of the ladies asked for me. Judged: 11 10 3 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Simona Bucharest, Romania #9 Mar 17, 2013 Wondering wrote: I just can't help but wonder if women get erotic massages. Please post here and let all of us experience your erotic massage experiences. I found an amazing place when I was visiting Bucharest last month... so I strongly recommend for women and men. They offer high class erotic massage services and all the staff is pleasant. Their website is http://bucharest-eroticmassage.ro/en/ I wish you a wonderful experience! Judged: 2 2 2 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! That girl Cathedral City, CA #11 Apr 1, 2013 What do they do to you? Judged: 15 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Suzy 40 Skara, Sweden #13 Aug 27, 2013 Yes, I have also enjoyed a good massage, which was really nice. The guy wasn't particularly young, but he knew how to relax a women. It was a full body massage completely covered, well initially, and to be honest I didn't expect the finishing. I have been suffering with tension across my shoulders as well as tightness in my bottom cheeks. This was fully explained and everything went normal until he was massaging each cheek and the more he massaged my cheeks the more I relaxed. I couldn't believe how wonderful it felt. He then worked up each leg, and when he was up the top he included each cheek in turn, I can tell you it was terrific. He then asked me to turn-over and he massaged the arms before starting on the legs. At this stage I'm almost in dream world and as he worked up my legs I was letting them fall apart. Twice I felt him pull the towel over to cover my modesty but I was really enjoying it as he got closer to my innersides. In the end I moved and the towel slipped over he tried to grab it, but I just said leave it, so he continued as though nothing was different. But I was well turned on and as he neared my pot I started purring and eventually he allowed himself to just touch my honey-pot as if by accident, I purred louder and that was just the starter. All I can say it never went further than a tantric but it was bloody wonderful. It really was professionally done, I recommend it to any women who want to relax and try something different! Suzy Judged: 2 2 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Massage Lover Spain #14 Sep 9, 2013 My experience is very similar to RoseÂ´s. I used to receive massages very often, until I decided to get what my friend Natalia was the last month telling me all day to get: an erotic massage. I still have much confindence with my friend so her opinion was very important to me and that made my mind. So one day I decided to call to the centre my friend recommended me: Majestic Madrid ( http://www.majesticmadrid.com/index.php/Eroti... ). When I finally got there, AndrÃ©s received me and I didnÂ´t see anybody else: I liked it cause I was very very nervous...I really canÂ´t tell it with words but it was really a very much easy experience that I thought..it was just amazing. It happened 2 months ago, and itÂ´s a little expensive so I will have to wait for the next one, but IÂ´m sure it will happen again. Judged: 1 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Duncan Waukesha, WI #15 Sep 27, 2013 The best way to find a provider is by referral. Judged: 1 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Baltimore Gal Lutherville Timonium, MD #16 Sep 28, 2013 Brilliant! Much luck to you in the engineering field! TedS wrote: Back when I was in college, I went to work at a spa. I was 20 and sort of cute I guess, slender and nicely built. My job was to clean the place, refresh the hot tubs, minimum wage stuff. One day a woman about 40 asked the female owner if I was available to do a rubdown, the owner told her no because I wasn't licensed. They got to talking and I guess there was a tip because next thing I knew I was doing one. With no idea how to. Nothing much happened except the lady asked me to rub her breasts because they hurt so I did. That was fun. The boss let me do several after that, she even taught me some things that felt good. I worked there for 4 years, by then I had dozens of regulars and a license. Housewives can get very naughty, let me tell you. I never did more than just touch them, but I sure did learn the tricks to satsify most of them. Some women are easy, some hard work, but all if them were great fun, even the big heavy ones. It paid for my degree in engineering too. After I graduated, I tried a stint as a masseur, but it was very hard to get clients, women do better in the field. Oddly, at the spa, I had no problem at all, many of the ladies asked for me. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Jen Kabul, Afghanistan #17 Oct 9, 2013 When I was in Dubai a few years ago now, I went to a spa in Hotel. I have never been to a spa before. It just never occurred to me to do something like that. So, this was very new for me. I was not nervous because I was simply expecting a rub down for my lower back. Its a common pain for me and I had time to kill. So, off I went to check it out. It did not appear like one of those places you see on TV where the guys go get the happy endings so to speak. It was really very nice. The aromas, the oils and the man they brought in was very easy on the eyes I have to say. He was in his mid thirties from India. He stepped out of the room while I stripped down and put on a towel that did not last long. He was very professional and I was very relaxed very quickly. He started off as I would have expected working on my lower back. He told my that back pain comes from other parts of the body as well. As you can imagine, that included my back side. But, it was him massaging my legs that changed everything. I cannot tell you how the mechanism works... but it works. It was not long before he was messaging very close to womanhood. I wanted to protest. But instead, I rolled over onto my front when asked and he continued the process there. I really went into this not wanting that kind of thing. But, it turns out that I did and enjoyed it very much. I cannot go into details but I really did go far beyond what I had planned. When it was all done, he was familiar with very much of me and I have to say, this is really something special. I am married with children and I feel really bad about that. I love my husband very very much. So, we was with me once in Dubai and I went to the spa while he took a nap. I simply did not get the full treatment at the spa. But my husband did when I got back to the room. No regrets. Judged: 2 2 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Mark Huesca, Spain #19 Nov 23, 2013 Two weeks ago, I decided to go to Madrid for work, and to relax a little I went to give me an erotic massage, and that was really surprising. I was introduced to all available masseuses I explained in English and some may end up massage with sex. The place was very clean, with all the waste material, and very pretty girls with good bodies, chose a massage with two girls and I got the massage playing with one another and not let touch me and excite me, until finally ending with I sex with one of the girls back for sure, a very good site. www.privespace.com Judged: 2 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! body massages for females Mumbai, India #21 Jan 17, 2014 Hi girls nd ladies from Mumbai. This is andy here. I provide all types of body massages and personal training to females nd couples at doorstep. Training for weight loss nd body massages for relaxation. Plz call for any queries.. 9967618738 andy.... Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Wade Minneapolis, MN #22 Feb 8, 2014 Rose wrote: <quoted text> Hi girls, I'd like to share with you my first experience of an erotic massage: it was a while ago, maybe 6-9 months ago but it was i think the best best massage. I have been quite a few times for normal massages, but this time i decided to go for what i call "The massage":)and it has been in my mind for a long time. Well, i have to tell you it was amazing, and i received it from a male therapist, what he called: masseur. Quite good looking guy, very friendly and very professional. I only had to relax, then all my tensions and worries of how it will be have melted. The room was really warm and lovely, candles, music and all the rest....i heard of him from a friend of mine, she practices yoga and tantra so i was hoping to be in good hands. I recommended to you all. Sorry for writing so much, i just dont want someone to go to a dodgy place, make sure they are professionals. So after a really nice relaxing soft touch massage all over my body which happened i guess for about 50 min, he started approaching my private area and this was the best as i felt like i was healing from certain blockages, and pains that i previously had. He was really nice, took me very gently and seemed to know well what he was doing. I felt like making love to a stranger, but i wasn't obviously, but in the same time it felt like i am very comfortable and trusted him, had to learn to surrender, though....and all this only with his hands. I have to say it took me a while to get used to the idea that i will be touched by a different person than my husband in my private area, but it worth it. I can give you a link of their website page where they explain about this kind of massage: http://www.ecstaticjoytantricmassage.com/tant... So here is my experience, if you managed to get to the end of this posting, i congratulate you, and thank you for reading. All the best, Rose . Ladies enjoy! Yoni massage has been around for thousands of years. Today's society is not accepting when it comes to what they think to be tabu. I am a male therapist and if things are done in a professional manner you and your intimate partner will see great benefits. Relax and try it! www.tropical treat massage.com Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! rishi Balrampur, India #23 Feb 20, 2014 any ladies and woman call me on 09415053154 for massage and secret fun Judged: 3 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Suzie P United States #24 Apr 15, 2014 Ladies, If you are ever in Tampa, FL you have to go see Daniel at Willow Healing. He is simply amazing. I saw him for the first time about a week ago, he worked out all my kinks and made me super relaxed, i asked him if he could work my legs more and make me"fully relaxed" and He began massaging my thighs creeping closer and closer. His touch was so incredibly erotic that when i did cum i nearly rolled off the table. I have been back several times now. He will work on you without his pants on too. He is cute but a heavier guy. Very thick in all the right places. It's seems to go smoother if you leave the tip out at the being of the massage... enjoy ladies i know i will be. Oh my average tip is $30 they have groupon deals too! Judged: 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Lisa Durban, South Africa #25 May 1, 2014 Women certainly do get erotic massages in many parts of the world. It's just it more taboo in certain countries than others. Europe is by far more liberal than the States so expect to meet with a lotta narrow mindedness from the latter. I have been to an amazing, professional Pamper & Pleasure Service based in Durban - South Africa, called Sinfully Sensual. It is run by an exceptional Male Touch Therapist who is super skilled & knows his way around a woman's body. His website can be found at: www.sinfullysensual.webs.com Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! jeff30189 Since: Jun 14 2 Webster, NY Please wait... #26 Jun 17, 2014 Pardon the double post as I put something similar in another thread, but I wish more women could realize what they are missing. I've done massage for 20+ years, albeit on a strictly referral basis and not in a licensed spa. Women have the right to set their boundaries based on what they want, feel and need at the time. Many only want the "tease" without the "please" but if both parties trust and respect each others boundaries what's the harm in taking things to a fully satisfying conclusion? I don't ever initiate an intimate massage, but if the client clearly signals (or asks) then it's her time and her massage. Judged: 8 6 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Tell me when this thread is updated: Subscribe Now Add to my Tracker First Prev of 4 Next Last Add your comments below Enter Comments Characters left: 4000 You are currently logged in as . Not ? Enter Username Enter Numbers Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback. Massage Therapy Discussions Title Updated Last By Comments Do Women get aroused during massage? (Jan '10) 2 hr Sara 1,531 Any Male Massage Therapists "Finished Off" a Fe... (Sep '14) 3 hr LaughAllDay 271 Body Massage Center in Doha Qatar +974 55 519 759 4 hr ray 13 pijat sensual khusus wanita dan pasutri yg mau 3s (Feb '15) 17 hr abie 54 What to See & Where to Be Seen in Palm Springs,... Thu John robert 2 If you need alcohol in qatar contac me Thu sahid 2 male looking female Thu sahid 3 Erections during massages is it normal? (Jun '09) Wed paula 792 Masturbation while getting a Therapeutic Massag... (May '10) Oct 4 Jbraceboy 747 Therapeutic Massage and Ejaculation (Feb '07) Sep 23 clint51 2,305 See all Massage Therapy Discussions Find what you want! Search Massage Therapy Forum Now Trending Now Gay Marriage Hillary Clinton Syria Kentucky Derby China South Korea Hurricane U.S. Open North Korea Bill Clinton Massage Therapy News Massage Therapy News Midtown Kansas City Foot Massage Scare Secrets for Energy & Motivation Using student power to create housing: 'This is... Four Easy Ways to Fight the Flu - Stay Well wit... Grape Seed Oil Market Consumption Analysis, Gro... Find out how YOU can get a free massage in Derb... How To Make The Most Of The 24 Hour Jubilee Line Back Nudger - give yourself a "pat" on the back Osim uSqueeze Air review: Let your feet relax U-GYM Mini Is A Muscle Stimulator You Can Bring... Salon Knotty & Day Spa to move, but not far In Oregon's lone National Park, hike the countr... More Massage Therapy News from Topix » More from around the web   Sacramento, CA News Forums & Polls Real-Time News Crime Dating Jobs Local Politics Obituaries Real Estate Yellow Pages Explore More Topix US News US Cities List World News World Countries List Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Health Arts & Life Food / Travel Site Map / All Topics About Topix RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials About Us / Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Report Abuse? Advertisement Feedback? Comments made yesterday: 30,838 • Total comments across all topics: 275,124,472 Copyright © 2016 Topix LLC • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review • Send feedback • Cancel Change location Sacramento, CA Enter city, state or zip International users, click here. Be in the know! Notify me when there are new discussions. Thanks for your comment! Enter your email to get updates on this discussion. Don't show me this message again today. Thanks for kicking off the conversation! Enter your email to get updates when people reply. Thanks for your comment! Share your thoughts with the world Share on Facebook Now Don't show me this message again today.
1	CLOSE ADVERTISEMENT Massage Therapy News Forums Not a Topix user yet? Sign Up Forgot Your Password? Back to login Sections All Topix Top Stories Forums User Forums Business Tech Sports Entertainment US News Weird News Offbeat Stars! Topix › Massage Therapy › get a home service massage with happy... get a home service massage with happy ending Posted in the Massage Therapy Forum Leave a Comment Track Replies Comments 1 - 2 of 2 Comments Last updated May 21, 2016 shade massage therapist Lagos, Nigeria #1 Nov 30, 2012 for the latest massage parlor reviews and local massage parlor information,Are you tired of going to Erotic Massage Parlors & getting RIPPED OFF?? STOP IT FROM HAPPENING! We can give all the info on Erotic Massage Parlors in your area! Complete with pictures, hours of operation, ethnicity of staff, phone number, address, table shower, if they take credit cards, etc. Most importantly you'll get the DIRTY DETAILS on each and every Erotic Massage Parlor and their Providers/Staff. SAVE YOURSELF TIME, MONEY, AND NO UN-HAPPY ENDINGS! Massage Parlor Reviews, we are a new free adult website that provides the discerning gentleman with how to get the best value for your money with lots of articles and information call +2348027286245 Judged: 83 5 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! blokes Since: May 16 1 Lagos, Nigeria Please wait... #8 May 21, 2016 Erotic sauna or Jacuzzi required in Abuja Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Tell me when this thread is updated: Subscribe Now Add to my Tracker Add your comments below Enter Comments Characters left: 4000 You are currently logged in as . Not ? Enter Username Enter Numbers Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback. Massage Therapy Discussions Title Updated Last By Comments Do Women get aroused during massage? (Jan '10) 2 hr Sara 1,531 Any Male Massage Therapists "Finished Off" a Fe... (Sep '14) 3 hr LaughAllDay 271 Body Massage Center in Doha Qatar +974 55 519 759 4 hr ray 13 pijat sensual khusus wanita dan pasutri yg mau 3s (Feb '15) 17 hr abie 54 What to See & Where to Be Seen in Palm Springs,... Thu John robert 2 If you need alcohol in qatar contac me Thu sahid 2 male looking female Thu sahid 3 Erections during massages is it normal? (Jun '09) Wed paula 792 Masturbation while getting a Therapeutic Massag... (May '10) Oct 4 Jbraceboy 747 Therapeutic Massage and Ejaculation (Feb '07) Sep 23 clint51 2,305 See all Massage Therapy Discussions Find what you want! Search Massage Therapy Forum Now Trending Now Gay Marriage Hillary Clinton Syria Kentucky Derby China South Korea Hurricane U.S. Open North Korea Bill Clinton Massage Therapy News Massage Therapy News Midtown Kansas City Foot Massage Scare Secrets for Energy & Motivation Using student power to create housing: 'This is... Four Easy Ways to Fight the Flu - Stay Well wit... Grape Seed Oil Market Consumption Analysis, Gro... Find out how YOU can get a free massage in Derb... How To Make The Most Of The 24 Hour Jubilee Line Back Nudger - give yourself a "pat" on the back Osim uSqueeze Air review: Let your feet relax U-GYM Mini Is A Muscle Stimulator You Can Bring... Salon Knotty & Day Spa to move, but not far In Oregon's lone National Park, hike the countr... More Massage Therapy News from Topix » More from around the web   Sacramento, CA News Forums & Polls Real-Time News Crime Dating Jobs Local Politics Obituaries Real Estate Yellow Pages Explore More Topix US News US Cities List World News World Countries List Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Health Arts & Life Food / Travel Site Map / All Topics About Topix RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials About Us / Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Report Abuse? Advertisement Feedback? Comments made yesterday: 30,838 • Total comments across all topics: 275,124,473 Copyright © 2016 Topix LLC • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review • Send feedback • Cancel Change location Sacramento, CA Enter city, state or zip International users, click here. Be in the know! Notify me when there are new discussions. Thanks for your comment! Enter your email to get updates on this discussion. Don't show me this message again today. Thanks for kicking off the conversation! Enter your email to get updates when people reply. Thanks for your comment! Share your thoughts with the world Share on Facebook Now Don't show me this message again today.
1	CLOSE ADVERTISEMENT Massage Therapy News Forums Not a Topix user yet? Sign Up Forgot Your Password? Back to login Sections All Topix Top Stories Forums User Forums Business Tech Sports Entertainment US News Weird News Offbeat Stars! Topix › Massage Therapy › Sensual Massage Cape Town South Africa Sensual Massage Cape Town South Africa Posted in the Massage Therapy Forum Leave a Comment Track Replies Comments 1 - 1 of 1 Comments Last updated Jul 23, 2016 Kiki Johannesburg, South Africa #1 Jul 23, 2016 Experience our unforgettable sensual pampering through sensual and erotic massage, and open yourself to a new experience you may have never known before. Our intention is to guide you to the most sensual and revitalizing experience that will relax your mind and body. Sensual Massage will wash your stress away and energize you from head to toe. *OUT CALLS TO THE FINEST HOTELS ONLY Just email us and we will bring the Lascivious Magic to you... STRICTLY CASH - NO CREDIT CARDS We DO NOT offer ANY oral or full-blown sex. Please respect your masseuse boundries at all times. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Tell me when this thread is updated: Subscribe Now Add to my Tracker Add your comments below Enter Comments Characters left: 4000 You are currently logged in as . Not ? Enter Username Enter Numbers Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback. Massage Therapy Discussions Title Updated Last By Comments Do Women get aroused during massage? (Jan '10) 2 hr Sara 1,531 Any Male Massage Therapists "Finished Off" a Fe... (Sep '14) 3 hr LaughAllDay 271 Body Massage Center in Doha Qatar +974 55 519 759 4 hr ray 13 pijat sensual khusus wanita dan pasutri yg mau 3s (Feb '15) 17 hr abie 54 What to See & Where to Be Seen in Palm Springs,... Thu John robert 2 If you need alcohol in qatar contac me Thu sahid 2 male looking female Thu sahid 3 Erections during massages is it normal? (Jun '09) Wed paula 792 Masturbation while getting a Therapeutic Massag... (May '10) Oct 4 Jbraceboy 747 Therapeutic Massage and Ejaculation (Feb '07) Sep 23 clint51 2,305 See all Massage Therapy Discussions Find what you want! Search Massage Therapy Forum Now Trending Now Gay Marriage Hillary Clinton Syria Kentucky Derby China South Korea Hurricane U.S. Open North Korea Bill Clinton Massage Therapy News Massage Therapy News Midtown Kansas City Foot Massage Scare Secrets for Energy & Motivation Using student power to create housing: 'This is... Four Easy Ways to Fight the Flu - Stay Well wit... Grape Seed Oil Market Consumption Analysis, Gro... Find out how YOU can get a free massage in Derb... How To Make The Most Of The 24 Hour Jubilee Line Back Nudger - give yourself a "pat" on the back Osim uSqueeze Air review: Let your feet relax U-GYM Mini Is A Muscle Stimulator You Can Bring... Salon Knotty & Day Spa to move, but not far In Oregon's lone National Park, hike the countr... More Massage Therapy News from Topix » More from around the web   Sacramento, CA News Forums & Polls Real-Time News Crime Dating Jobs Local Politics Obituaries Real Estate Yellow Pages Explore More Topix US News US Cities List World News World Countries List Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Health Arts & Life Food / Travel Site Map / All Topics About Topix RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials About Us / Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Report Abuse? Advertisement Feedback? Comments made yesterday: 30,838 • Total comments across all topics: 275,124,473 Copyright © 2016 Topix LLC • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review • Send feedback • Cancel Change location Sacramento, CA Enter city, state or zip International users, click here. Be in the know! Notify me when there are new discussions. Thanks for your comment! Enter your email to get updates on this discussion. Don't show me this message again today. Thanks for kicking off the conversation! Enter your email to get updates when people reply. Thanks for your comment! Share your thoughts with the world Share on Facebook Now Don't show me this message again today.
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion korean aamp Los Angeles, incall asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM BLOG EROTIC MASSAGE PARLORS ESCORTS Aampmaps » Asian Apartment Massage parlors Centreville VA » Amy Newest Forum Posts 411 on new East Bay talent? Pics look real Backpage Bust Transposing the Oct. 4, 2016 blog post to here -- Thoughts Anyone?? 411 on this this org\'s number 650-921-6955 New White Girls on Cityvibe Newest Blog Posts From a Newbie One Pop? Two Pop? To BBFS or not to BBFS Is Doumi culture in Los Angeles Koreatown dying? GFE or PSE Which is your Fave? Newest Blog Comments To BBFS or not to BBFS To BB or not to BB. That is the question and ther... One Pop? Two Pop? The ceremonial dixie cup of Blue or Green mouthwas... One Pop? Two Pop? WTF is blue/green toast?!... To BBFS or not to BBFS @wupoer: I don't like that everybody incorrectly c... To BBFS or not to BBFS The risk of transmission of HIV from a woman to a ... Amy in Centreville, Virginia Distance to this aamp: 2,276.1 mi 2 reviews City / State: Centreville, Virginia Area: 571 Phone Number: 571-458-6880 REPORT (xxx-xxx-xxxx) Save Cancel LEAVE A REVIEW ADD TO FAVORITES Ethnicity Korean Age 21 - 25 Weight 100lbs-110bs Height 5'3" - 5'5" Hair Color Black Hair Length Shoulder length Kitty Partially shaved Best Way to Contact Phone Call Hours of operation 10am-10pm Available Incall Breast Cup C Breast Implants Yes 30 min Unknown 45 min Unknown 60 min $160 90 min Unknown   About me We will use massage oil around both of our bodies, then slip GIRLS body around yours. will use white breasts, legs, and bottom to massage your sensitive body, rather than using hands. I LOVE To Meet Nice people and I am Just Looking for a good Comfortable Time!!! Massage parlor reviews (2) Comments Order: Review Date Provider Name ashure71 #145067 04.02 2015 April 2015 Afternoon X ? $160 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? No longer a valid number, I called and the number is no longer in service with no forwarding information. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) red_roger #143421 09.04 2014 2 September 2014 Night √ Voice mail/Call back $160 √ √ √ √ Yes - Topless CFS Yes - With condom ? Yes - On the Outside √ ? X X X X Had a pretty good time here with Amy. Had to call first and get that usual 2 way call system and then she just gave me the address for her apartment. Upon walking in, I had to show my id and I was going wtf? I don't know why she wanted me ID but I guess she just htought I looked really too young or something. Left donation on the counter and handed her the ID. Finally after all that's said and done, I guess she still kinda want to play it safe so she massaged me first. I turned around to see her topless and wearing a nice red thong. Then she asked me to turn around and then asked if I wanted more. Yeah not shit I wanted more from you! Then she slipped on cover and did a nice CBJ. She sucked my cock while touching my balls but she didn't suck on them. I asked if she would and she flat out said no. Then I asked her if she would do a 69 and she said that was fine. Did a nice kitty lick while I was sucking her labia and finger blasting her. That was pretty awesome and I loved fingering her kitty as well. She just told me that wasn't allowed either! Man what is going on here. So wasn't allowed to finger her or suck that kitty cat some more. Then I just told her to hop on RCG and she rode me for a bit. Asked her to switch around for CG and I sat up and rode her a bit harder that way. Loved sucking on her titties while I sat her up and fucked her from there. Then did some Mish and busted in inside the cover. Then followed her to the shower and we both got cleaned up. For what it's worth, she did a good job for the usual FS fuck. I dont' mind repeating if I'm horny again. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (5) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) comments: horndog_069: 09.09 2014 Is the photo accurate? Or is it just representative of the girl? novairon: 01.08 2015 I seriously doubt that photo is accurate.   © Aampmaps.com 2016 - Asian Apartment Massage Parlors Directory | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Portland OR » Chinese Massage Other locations Portland massage parlors: Catalyst Acupuncture & Traditional Oriental Medicine An Sen Clinic Fusion Bodyworks PDX Aspen Summit Spa Bodywork Relaxation An Oasis Massage Simply Divine Massage Lotus Massage & Spa Equilibria Massage Spa Sasse Rejuvenation Day Spa Spa Willamina Mandarin Massage Regal Foot Spa Pennington Massage Clinic Dragon Tree Massage Fly Dragon Spa Young Pine Acupuncture Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... Chinese Massage in Portland, Oregon Distance to this massage parlor center: 822.8 mi 9 reviews LEAVE A REVIEW ADD TO FAVORITES Masseuse Style: Chinese Cards Accepted: Cash Only Sauna: No Jacuzzi: No Semi-Truck Parking: No 60 min: $50 90 min: $75 Address: 6805 SE 82nd Ave Portland, Oregon 97266 Get Driving Directions Phone Number: ✆ 971-998-8329 971-998-8329 REPORT Hours: Open now Daily 10:00am - 8:00pm Massage parlor reviews (9) Comments (4) Order: Review Date Provider Name mysterymonk88 Susan #282347 05.25 2016 mrbfun Lily #270101 04.19 2016 1 chvydriver Lily #218556 11.24 2015 tbanks53 Lily #196773 08.24 2015 1 jolly Amy #183297 05.21 2015 miltonBenniman04 Amy #175721 04.03 2015 rtman Lily #168285 02.12 2015 Glydedrex22 Lily #166711 02.03 2015 February 2015 √ X Store Front Afternoon $50 Massage Parlor Details: I came in around afternoon time. I guess Lily just got back from Vegas. She has an attractiveness about her that would make a good HE provider. She speaks good English too but I guess there's no play offered here. Lily √ Chinese 36-40 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Petite Regular ? X ? ? X ? ? ? ? ? ? ? $10 Lily is cute in her own way... she's very friendly but doesn't flirt with me at all. I think she's trying to put off a professional vibe... maybe only regulars get extras? She's got some skills as a masseuse that's for sure. She focused on relieving the stress around my lower back and shoulder area. There wasn't much teasing at all... in fact it was nonexistent. She never went down the towel area to feel my cock or work my jewels. Though the vibe was friendly between us, she kept it professional. Lots of back walking too which felt good to me. No sensual play was offered unfortunately. Maybe I'll come back for some play... I'll need some information. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) evrymov Lily #156927 11.13 2014 1 November 2014 X X Office Building Night $60 Massage Parlor Details: My mother once told me that if I could not say something nice about someone, then don't say anything at all. Lily X Asian ? 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black ? ? ? Average ? ? ? X X X X X X X X X X $0 Name outside is Ban Tao (or something like that) foot massage. In my case that meant she used her feet for the massage. Ok. In her defense, when asked for light, medium, heavy, I said a little bit heavy. Let's see, trying to follow my mother's advice. Oh, no clean up of oil, claimed it would absorb, best brand, so no hot towel clean off of oil before flip. Meant I left with still oily hands. Hate that on my car. Not happy. Oh, and speaking of happy: after flip when close enough I moved her hand...she said, you have to ask. I asked. She said time's up. Fortunately no discussion of a tip as I would have had much more difficulty following my mother's advice. Massage far less than stellar: kept forgetting where she was, "...did I do this shoulder yet?..." "...where was I?..." "...that enough?...", especially after making a phone call. I can understand maybe there alone so taking a phone call, but papa-san was downstairs, let me in, and she had to MAKE a call. Ok, finish on a positive note: her english was very good. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (2) Interesting (0) Hilarious (5) Not Good (0) Fake (0) comments: magnetar60: 11.14 2014 Ja. Had much the same experience a few months ago. She is not the girl in the ad, either. And walking up and down on my back starts to hurt after half an hour of it. rtman  02.12 2015 : Went there awhile back. She said she specializes in "Foot Massage." So that's EXACTLY what she did! She massaged my whole body with her feet! Not arousing at all! Not to mention, not a very good massage either. Won't be going back. siman93  12.21 2014 : Has anyone gone here recently, Im curious to know Would like a feedback, thanks! milwaukieman  11.04 2014 : I have. Good massage. Offered a HE for a extra 60. Not the best but its closer to drive to then most. platinumhorse  10.30 2014 : Has anybody been here am interested but don't want to waste my time?   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Portland OR » Fly Dragon Spa Other locations Portland massage parlors: Regal Foot Spa Fusion Bodyworks PDX An Oasis Massage Spa Willamina An Sen Clinic Rejuvenation Day Spa Aspen Summit Spa Lotus Massage & Spa Equilibria Massage Catalyst Acupuncture & Traditional Oriental Medicine Dragon Tree Massage Spa Sasse Bodywork Relaxation Simply Divine Massage Pennington Massage Clinic Chinese Massage Mandarin Massage Young Pine Acupuncture Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... Fly Dragon Spa in Portland, Oregon Distance to this massage parlor center: 827.6 mi 26 reviews LEAVE A REVIEW ADD TO FAVORITES Masseuse Style: Chinese Website: flydragonspa.com Cards Accepted: Visa, Mastercard Table Shower: Yes Sauna: Yes Jacuzzi: Yes Semi-Truck Parking: No 30 min: $45 60 min: $69 Address: 1928 NE 42nd Ave Portland, Oregon 97213 Get Driving Directions Phone Number: ✆ 503-828-2270 ✆ 503-453-3354 503-828-2270 & 503-453-3354 REPORT Hours: Open now Daily 12:00am - 12:00am Massage parlor reviews (26) Comments (5) Order: Review Date Provider Name cadisrai Variety of girls #250371 03.01 2016 jmang I never got her name #211175 10.31 2015 3 saulr Mei #203279 10.07 2015 soulseachr Susan #193837 08.03 2015 toomas2112 #186229 06.09 2015 grumpy2000 I can't recall #184208 05.28 2015 fakeplasticgirls Susan #173401 03.19 2015 lcordo29 Susan #165266 01.23 2015 rarestache Susan #159169 12.03 2014 oregonfellow Susan #151774 10.07 2014 countrydingo Sunny #148260 09.10 2014 2 kcomwalt Sonny #142444 07.22 2014 1 lonelyteacher31 I can't recall #139424 06.24 2014 2 chefjim Coco #136268 06.02 2014 1 zhantalor Ying #133876 05.14 2014 4 TBlazers Helen #132733 05.07 2014 Ducks Lisa #125401 03.20 2014 refresh Amy #116171 01.16 2014 throngthong Lily #111676 12.09 2013 Glydedrex22 Lily #107530 11.07 2013 November 2013 √ X Store Front Night $69 Massage Parlor Details: I was looking for some fun here and wasn't sure about what could be offered. It seems like it's open late and usually that means there is some fun. Lily √ Chinese 36-40 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Petite Nice & Round ? X ? ? X ? ? ? ? ? ? ? $12 The place was very clean. The MMS was very polite and I felt welcomed. I saw Lily and she was a good looking lady. She's in really great shape for her age. I was shown to the room and was a bit worried because the room's set-up felt more legit than sensual. The atmosphere was just a little off - it was a little too clean and a little too set-up. The massage was great because Lily has some excellent CMT techniques. She presses along my body very well especially at the lower back. She alleviated the tension and the kinks but I wanted more. I tried to feel her leg but she moved immediately. She also apologized but I told her it was my fault. It's too bad because Lily would have been great with her soft and skilled hands. Does anyone know if they give extras to regulars? Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) markrogers307 Saleena #102781 10.09 2013 3 October 2013 √ X Store Front Afternoon $69 Saleena √ Unknown 18-24 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Petite Nice & Round ? X X √ X X X X BBBJ X √ ? $100 Came in there and had already seen this girl before shes very cute no extras the first time my second visit she was more comfertable with me back massage was ok on the flip she kept rubbing against the boys I grabbed her on and put it over on me she started stroking I asked her for blow job she said hundred pulled out the money she went right to work I couldn't hold any longer... Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (4) comments: the_fluffer: 10.09 2013 Being a regular helps I see. Will have to make a comeback. tigardmalelooking: 10.17 2013 Any updates? Anyone else had a HE here? whitehairedguy: 03.29 2014 Yeah sure. A guy posts his only review and claims to receive a BBBJ in a location where every other review has indicated nothing happens. Pure and utter BS daglospex Kelly #98629 09.10 2013 September 2013 ? X Store Front Noon $69 Massage Parlor Details: The massage quality is always top notch. It's legit but still a good one. I'll be back here. Kelly √ Chinese 36-40 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Thin Regular ? X X X X X X X X X X ? $10 Kellyâ€™s got good technique and I started to enjoy myself. She starts to work on my legs and was hoping she would brush the boys, but nothing. She wipes me off and has me flip while holding up the towel. Again she works my leg while standing at the end of the table and no hint of extras. She finishes up and I ask about extras. She says sorry there are no extras. Bummer. Still wondering about the table shower. She says she will get the table shower ready. She leads me to the shower and itâ€™s strange. Itâ€™s a table thatâ€™s been shoved into a shower stale. She says to lay face down and the whole experience is odd. You have to experience to see how weird it is. Thereâ€™s definitely an Asian lady working there and I am sure extras are available with her. If you are looking for a legit massage I would recommend. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) risom503 I never got her name #93426 08.05 2013 August 2013 √ √ Store Front Night $109 Massage Parlor Details: Went in with high hopes, but left unsatisfied, but relaxed. I never got her name √ Chinese 36-40 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Average Nice & Round ? ? X X X X X X X X X ? $20 I went in tonight around 8:00 and it was completely dead. This place is huge! Two floors, and very nice. I decide to get an hour massage and a table shower/exfoliation. My therapist was wearing a very tight and very short mini skirt, which got me excited right off the bat. The table should was very nice. She used nice hot water and rubbed me down with soap, then exfoliated my front and back. There was no draping when I was on my stomach, but when I turned over, unfortunately, she brought the towel out. The table shower lasted about 30 minutes. From there we went to the massage room. She left the room, while I disrobed and laid on the table. I put the towel to the side, but she immediately covered me when she walked in. Like the previous reviews, the towel finally came off when she massaged my legs and butt. There was no teasing or hint of extras. The massage was relaxing, but I've had better. On the flip, she returned the towel. I need to go a few more times to make my final decision on this place. Seems to possibly, if you are a regular and they feel comfortable with you, extras are possible. For what I got, the price was too high. 69 dollars for the massage and 40 for the table shower/exfoliation. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) cerebral Kelly #93242 08.04 2013 July 2013 ? X Store Front Noon $69 Massage Parlor Details: A nice outfit located in rather a open area with visible traffic. Kelly √ Chinese 31-35 5'5''-6'0'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Average Regular ? ? ? ? X ? ? ? X X X ? $20 If you're looking for a non-HE massage, you'll won't be disappointed. Kelly was nice, pleasant and in good spirits during the appointment but lacked the english language. Massage alone, it was worth the price on admission, and for more she never offered. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) fookus Amanda #93095 08.02 2013 August 2013 ? X Store Front Afternoon $45 Massage Parlor Details: Paid for a HH here and I didn't even know this was on the site. This place is strictly legit. Amanda √ Chinese 25-30 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length A X Thin Regular ? X X X X X X X X X X ? $10 I've actually been to this place before, I knew how legit this place was. Haven't been there since but the massage here is mostly a clinical place. Everyone about this place is legit, I mean inside, the atmosphere is all open and public. Curtained rooms and everything just professional. When Amanda came in she just threw the towel on the lower part of my butt and eventually it slid off. She left it off so I figured a good sign. I told her that I wanted a medium to soft and she did. I tried removing the towel but she kept telling me to put it back on. She never got close to me and when I flipped she barely had the towel on me. I asked for HJ and she said that she didn't do. Never massaged my tool and kept it legit. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (1) Interesting (0) Hilarious (3) Not Good (0) Fake (0) the_fluffer Amanda #89561 07.11 2013 2 July 2013 √ X Store Front Noon $69 Massage Parlor Details: Clean place, parking can be a problem though. Amanda √ Chinese 25-30 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Mid Back A X Petite Regular ? ? X X X X X X X X X ? $10 This place has changed since my last visit there. I stopped in again out of curiosity and struck gold! Amanda gave one of the better massages I have in the last 2 years. Very friendly and skilled. No touching of her, but she did do a great job on my legs/thighs which most legit places don't. I'd highly recommend her and the spa now. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) comments: risom503: 07.21 2013 Was draping optional by chance? jakester888: 10.03 2013 Legit massage, no extras. But very classy place. bigcat1058  06.11 2015 : Jakester888 I have had some success a few times but not consistent. It looks like we have gone to some of the same places. I too would like to email and hopefully help eachother out. j_loosh  05.30 2015 : Jakester888 very interested but how do I email you? Haha I'm a noob I guess jakester888  04.20 2015 : I cracked the code on this place! Full service is possible. Cops in full force so no details here. Email me and convince me you're not with law enforcement and I'll give you my tips. bigdog2004  06.02 2014 : I think us guys should team up leave small tip for average service.. good tip for HJ if they always got small tips they would strive to do better whitehairedguy  03.11 2014 : What is odd about this place is that the owner (Sofia) used to advertise and do body rubs with HE. She was great. I had two rubs in this location during construction. She is really an attractive lady   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Portland OR » Mandarin Massage Other locations Portland massage parlors: Fusion Bodyworks PDX Fly Dragon Spa Lotus Massage & Spa Simply Divine Massage Equilibria Massage Spa Willamina Aspen Summit Spa An Sen Clinic Young Pine Acupuncture Chinese Massage Rejuvenation Day Spa Bodywork Relaxation Catalyst Acupuncture & Traditional Oriental Medicine Pennington Massage Clinic Dragon Tree Massage An Oasis Massage Spa Sasse Regal Foot Spa Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... Mandarin Massage in Portland, Oregon Distance to this massage parlor center: 824.1 mi 11 reviews LEAVE A REVIEW ADD TO FAVORITES Masseuse Style: Chinese Cards Accepted: Cash Only Sauna: No Jacuzzi: No Semi-Truck Parking: No 60 min: $60 90 min: $90 Address: 829 SE 182nd Ave #209 Portland, Oregon 97233 Get Driving Directions Phone Number: ✆ 971-313-3900 971-313-3900 REPORT Hours: Open now Daily 10:00am - 9:30pm Massage parlor reviews (11) Comments (5) Order: Review Date Provider Name wagnerb878 Not sure #227985 12.22 2015 james.j Cici and Coco #214710 11.11 2015 1 katmenow Coco #197213 08.27 2015 crownsM Koko #188580 06.24 2015 bigdog2004 Not sure #177840 04.17 2015 jakester888 Momo #170662 03.02 2015 1 waskli Not sure #168364 02.13 2015 hdcse142 Momo #164940 01.21 2015 1 playern818 Momo #156385 11.10 2014 1 November 2014 √ X Store Front Early Evening $60 Massage Parlor Details: Easy place to find, easy parking. Momo √ Chinese 36-40 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Average Regular ? X X X X X X X X X √ X $50 Momo was FOB, to the point of mimicking water drinking to communicate. Massage was fine, very proper, until I rubbed her leg, then it focused on the upper thighs and glutes. On the flip she did a good job taking care of me. Lots of post pop massage. Tight dress so roaming was OTC. small tits in padded bra, so that was useless. Seeing how Oregon has very little options in this area, I'd recommend this place. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (1) Hilarious (4) Not Good (2) Fake (2) comments: evrymov: 11.13 2014 Never quite got her name, and needed help from the "receptionist" to ask her name, but experience essentially the same. No english so no tip argument. Massage pretty good and thorough. I would have no problem returning. Make sure you note the suite number since it is upstairs in an office building with most other suites occupied so no directions or signs until you get upstairs to the suite itself. whitehairedguy Sharla #149540 09.20 2014 1 September 2014 √ √ Office Building Night $75 Massage Parlor Details: Flying out of Portland early in the morning so I thought I would give this place a try Sharla √ Chinese 46-50 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Black Short B X Petite Regular Trimmed X X √ X X X √ X √ √ X $45 Sharla (or Sharlet, hard to understand) is a very short and very friendly masseuse. I have no doubt she was on the north side of 50. I got the 90 minute special and the massage was actually pretty good. Not much teasing and she kept the towel with just enough coverage. On the flip she still kept me covered. After about 60 minutes she leaned in and kissed me and asked where else I wanted rubbed. I put her hand under the towel and she whispered a standard "that isn't legal". But she kissed me again and went to work. While she kept her clothes on she did allow pretty much unlimited roaming under the clothes. I am 68 so her age doesn't bother me, but she is certainly not a spring chicken. Her petite little body is firm in all the right places and I enjoyed my time. That is really all I wanted. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (2) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) comments: whitehairedguy: 10.22 2014 Back again. Her name is Sara. Pretty much the same as last time but I only did 60 minutes. vcrguy Lucy #148331 09.11 2014 3 September 2014 √ X Store Front Morning $90 Massage Parlor Details: Room was cold but once massage started it warmed up. older provider but new what to do. was there the full 90 minutes. Lucy √ Chinese 41-45 4'5''-5'0'' Brown Black Shoulder Length B X Thick ? ? X X X X X X X X √ √ X $40 Lucy was very pleasant. not a looker but gave a good massage. she did not talk much just went about her job. was covered top to bottom with towels to try to warm up and she moved them as necessary to hit all the areas.good level of oil and great ass play with some teasing. on the flip recovered with towels. started on the chest then to the legs moving the towel aside and smiled mouthing "you want" yes and a 4 finger sign and there was no problem getting the finish. cleaned up finished the other leg. got the hot towel cleanup and was off. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (5) Interesting (0) Hilarious (1) Not Good (5) Fake (5) comments: tigardmalelooking: 09.12 2014 is she the lady in the pic on the ad in CL / BP? vcrguy: 09.13 2014 That picture is what go me interested too. That is Lily the owner of the shop. The problem is that Lily isn't close to that cute. Lucy was just another provider that works there. tmg777: 09.15 2014 How many providers work there? Names? drthunder7  03.02 2016 : Was just in for a 90 min tune up. Good massage cute lady giving massage was hoping for a exceptional ending but No extras. waskli  11.24 2015 : I'm telling you guys... This is NOT a legit place. I was there once, she offered the HJ, and went to town on me. Maybe she's just picky. bigdog2004  04.10 2015 : Less than average massage..No Extras ;-( Don't waste your time or $$ jakester888  03.02 2015 : Don't waste your time. Average massage and no extras. platinumhorse  10.22 2014 : Strictly legit as far as I can tell, been there 2x   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Portland OR » Spa Sasse Other locations Portland massage parlors: Spa Willamina Mandarin Massage An Oasis Massage Young Pine Acupuncture Fly Dragon Spa Chinese Massage Equilibria Massage Simply Divine Massage An Sen Clinic Fusion Bodyworks PDX Pennington Massage Clinic Rejuvenation Day Spa Bodywork Relaxation Lotus Massage & Spa Aspen Summit Spa Dragon Tree Massage Catalyst Acupuncture & Traditional Oriental Medicine Regal Foot Spa Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... Spa Sasse in Portland, Oregon Distance to this massage parlor center: 827.3 mi 15 reviews LEAVE A REVIEW ADD TO FAVORITES Masseuse Style: Caucasian Website: spasasse.com/index.html Cards Accepted: Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express Sauna: No Jacuzzi: No Semi-Truck Parking: No 60 min: $100 Address: 630 SW Alder St Portland, Oregon 97205 Get Driving Directions Phone Number: ✆ 503-228-8266 503-228-8266 REPORT Hours: Open now Daily 10:00am - 7:00pm Massage parlor reviews (15) Comments (1) Order: Review Date Provider Name DavidTheMan June #197397 08.28 2015 chvydriver June #188187 06.22 2015 yetiman39 Sarah #180574 05.05 2015 PDXmechanic Sarah #171523 03.06 2015 BentleyBA Sarah #163889 01.15 2015 Glydedrex22 Sarah #155347 10.31 2014 rdaniel69 Sarah #146607 08.26 2014 Death2Metal Sarah #137542 06.10 2014 zombietaco Emily #128564 04.08 2014 aalglatt777 Forgot #118872 02.04 2014 howtodoit Emily #113404 12.24 2013 1 letsblazers Emily #111305 12.05 2013 December 2013 √ X Store Front Afternoon $100 Massage Parlor Details: The house fee here was pretty ridiculous. I thought that if the house fee is that much, there should be HE at this place. Emily √ Caucasian 25-30 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Brown Long B X Petite Nice & Round ? X X X X X X X X X X ? $10 Emily was a fine looking lady. She was much younger than the usual old ladies that work at most AMPs and she also had the body type that I was a sucker for. She had the petite body type with the nice ass. I wanted badly to get at her so I just asked her. I should have waited to see and try to get the hints from her to make my move. Usually if girls are willing to have some fun, they will get more sensual with the massage or just touch your boy. She told me that nothing like that is offered at this location. I was disappointed and also the rest of the massage was much more awkward than it should have been. She probably thought that I was weird or something like that. I don't know if I would be back here. She gave me one of the best massage that I have had though. She definitely knows what she is doing though. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (1) Not Good (0) Fake (0) YoungChuckyLive Emily #105205 10.24 2013 October 2013 √ X Strip Mall Early Evening $100 Massage Parlor Details: Mostly used to AMPs, but I was in the mood for a different course. Decided to check this place out, despite the hefty house fee. Emily √ Unknown 25-30 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Brown Long B X Petite Nice & Round ? X X X X X X X X X X ? $20 Emily was very, very beautiful. I wanted her to tease my body and make me feel like I was in heaven. She was wearing tight little shorts accompanied by an equally tight low cut sleeveless shirt. She had the softest looking skin and her facial features were exquisite. Once in the room, she began her therapy, which was actually really quite fantastic. I felt like a wrinkled shirt and she was like the iron, straightening me out to perfection. She completely dodged my rocket though, which sort of disappointed me. But her extravagant massage completely made up for it. Plus, she's hot. Most hot girls get away with anything, at least this one didn't use that to her advantage and actually put in some work. I'll come back for some more chest and back relief later this month. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (1) Interesting (0) Hilarious (2) Not Good (0) Fake (0) biasedGod Emily #99483 09.16 2013 1 September 2013 ? X Store Front Afternoon $100 Massage Parlor Details: Emily spent a great deal of time working on my back then moved on to massage my ass and legs. On the flip the towel stayed off and she immediately went to work on my chest and stomach. When she began massaging my thighs and getting close to the boys, I decided I'd make my move so I gently grabbed her hand and tried to get her to place it on my junk. She pulled backed, flashed a smile and shook her head no. Emily √ Caucasian 25-30 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Brown Shoulder Length B X Thin Flat ? X X X X X X X X X X ? $ So I tried to be playful with her and convince her to massage me down there but she wouldn't give in; she kept smiling and saying "no, sorry I don't like to do that". I even went so far as to show her the tip I planned to give her but she steadfastly refused with a polite smile. In the end, I was forced to stroke myself to completion while she gently teased my balls with her fingertips. That was as far as she'd go. After I was done, she cleaned me up and finished with a nice scalp massage. Overall I enjoyed the massage but was obviously disappointed I couldn't get anything else. I've officially given up trying to get extras here. If I do go back, it will be strictly to enjoy the cheap massages. I recommend this place to anyone looking for an affordable legit massage. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (1) Not Good (0) Fake (0) comments: risom503: 09.16 2013 Nice!! Did you start the massage with no towel when she walked in the room, while you were on your stomach? Did you have to ask her to keep in off on the flip? Glydedrex22 Emily #93128 08.02 2013 August 2013 √ X Strip Mall Early Evening $100 Massage Parlor Details: Emily was a very pretty woman, dark haired and sexy. Emily √ Caucasian 25-30 5'0''-5'5'' Brown Brown Long B X Thin Nice & Round ? X ? ? X ? ? ? ? ? ? ? $15 I went in, hoping to get a good massage experience. There was some good techniques here during this session. I liked the techniques that were given at the beginning. She doesn't tease or play with the member at all though. They care about your professional experiences. Emily is one that really works around you and she makes sure the experiences are going well. I did not get the tugging that I wanted which would have been real hot with this kind of hottie working. Emily is a nice girl though. Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) burnsbee  08.19 2013 : This spa and its staff DO NOT provide erotic massage. DO NOT come here if you are seeking sexual services! Any inappropriate behavior will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Kansas City MOMassage parlor reviews Kansas City, happy ending erotic massages Kansas City Massage Parlors Kansas City Erotic massage near Kansas City Raytown Massage Parlors (1) Gladstone Massage Parlors (5) Smithville Massage Parlors (1) Belton Massage Parlors (1) Cameron Massage Parlors (1) St Joseph Massage Parlors (2) Brookfield Massage Parlors (1) Columbia Massage Parlors (4) Springfield Massage Parlors (13) South Campbell Massage Parlors (1) All Missouri massage parlors Kansas City Ballwin (3) Belton (1) Blue Springs (6) Brentwood (1) Brookfield (1) Cameron (1) Chesterfield (4) Clayton (2) Columbia (4) Crestwood (1) Des Peres (1) Ellisville (2) Florissant (2) Gladstone (5) Hazelwood (1) Kansas City (18) Manchester (2) O'fallon (2) Raytown (1) Rock Hill (1) Smithville (1) South Campbell (1) Springfield (13) St Ann (2) St Charles (9) St Joseph (2) St Louis (19) Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... Kansas City erotic massage parlors with reviews - 18 Add massage parlor 12»›     Filters  Photos only Sort by Newest review Newest review Reviews No. Overall Rating Date Added Price 60 min Alphabetically Golden Star 816-877-5964 18011 E. Hwy 24 Suite A-7 Kansas City, MO, 64055 12 reviews $ 60 Chinese massage Yesterday Lee Summit Massage 816-272-5371 506 SW 291 HWY suit I Kansas City, MO, 64063 6 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 2 weeks ago art massage 816-663-4759 415 SW Ward Rd Kansas City, MO, 64081 4 reviews $ 50 Asian massage 3 weeks ago Relax Spa 816-503-6083 715 Westport Rd Kansas City, MO, 64111 17 reviews $ 60 Chinese massage 1 month ago Summertime Asian Massage 816-882-9415 13105 Blue Pkwy Kansas City, MO, 64138 6 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 1 month ago Royal Foot Massage 816-413-8932 4335 N Chouteau Trfy Kansas City, MO, 64117 3 reviews $ 45 Asian massage 1 month ago Cre8u massage & bodywork 816-668-5961 4635 Wyandotte St, Ste 205 Kansas City, MO, 64112 5 reviews $ 60 Caucasian massage 4 months ago JADE Massage 747-477-9094 1207 W 103RD Street Kansas City, MO, 64114 2 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 7 months ago Imperial Foot Care 816-216-1702 4120 Pennsylvania Ave Ste 12 Kansas City, MO, 64111 13 reviews $ 29 Chinese massage 8 months ago Ocean Spa 816-812-3288 610 E 99th St Kansas City, MO, 64131 10 reviews $ 60 Chinese massage 1 year ago Fusion Spa 913-313-1211 12931 State Line Rd Kansas City, MO, 64145 18 reviews $ 60 Chinese massage 1 year ago AA Massage 816-548-8626 4307 Blue Ridge Blvd Kansas City, MO, 64133 $ 60 Asian massage Asian Bodywork 816-255-7527 1601 S 169 Hwy Smithville Clay MO Kansas City, MO, 64089 $ 60 Asian massage Star Acupressure 816-209-9750 29/35 Fwy, Suite 8 Kansas City, MO, 64116 $ 50 Asian massage Asian spa 913-832-0770 710 se 3rd st Kansas City, MO, 64063 1 review $ 60 Asian massage 1 year ago Ebony massage 12»›   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Manhattan 14th To 40th Street NYMassage parlor reviews Manhattan 14th To 40th Street, happy ending erotic massages Manhattan 14th To 40th Street Massage Parlors Manhattan 14th To 40th Street Erotic massage near Manhattan 14th To 40th Street Manhattan 72nd Street and Above Massage Parlors (60) Manhattan Below 14th St Massage Parlors (107) Manhattan 40th To 72nd Street Massage Parlors (172) Long Island City Massage Parlors (16) Sunnyside Massage Parlors (3) Astoria Massage Parlors (77) Woodside Massage Parlors (6) Middle Village Massage Parlors (3) Maspeth Massage Parlors (4) Jackson Heights Massage Parlors (3) All New York massage parlors Manhattan 14th To 40th Street Airmont (1) Albany (7) Amityville (2) Ardsley (2) Astoria (77) Baldwin (2) Baldwin Place (1) Bay Shore (2) Bayside (28) Bedford (1) Bellerose (14) Bellmore (2) Bethpage (5) Binghamton (1) Blauvelt (2) Bohemia (4) Briarcliff Manor (7) Bronx (8) Brookhaven (1) Brooklyn (186) Buchanan (1) Buffalo (5) Calverton (1) Carle Place (1) Carmel (2) Centereach (2) Central Islip (3) Chappaqua (2) Clifton Park (1) College Point (1) Commack (1) Coram (3) Corona (3) Cortland (1) Cortlandt Manor (2) Deer Park (1) Depew (2) Dix Hills (1) Dobbs Ferry (1) Douglaston (1) East Amherst (1) East Elmhurst (3) East Meadow (2) East Northport (3) Eastchester (1) Elmhurst (25) Elmsford (5) Endwell (1) Fairport (1) Farmingdale (8) Farmingville (3) Fishkill (1) Floral Park (8) Flushing (131) Forest Hills (25) Franklin Square (2) Freeport (4) Fresh Meadows (3) Garden City (1) Glen Cove (2) Glen Head (1) Glendale (2) Goshen (1) Great Neck (8) Greenvale (1) Harriman (1) Hartford (1) Hartsdale (2) Hauppauge (2) Hawthorne (2) Hempstead (2) Hicksville (7) Highland (2) Holbrook (3) Howard Beach (1) Huntington (3) Huntington Station (4) Hyde Park (1) Islandia (1) Jackson Heights (3) Jamaica (10) Jericho (1) Johnson City (1) Kingston (7) Larchmont (1) Latham (1) Levittown (2) Lindenhurst (3) Little Neck (17) Liverpool (4) Long Island City (16) Lynbrook (6) Mahopac (2) Mamaroneck (4) Manhattan 14th To 40th Street (216) Manhattan 40th To 72nd Street (172) Manhattan 72nd Street and Above (60) Manhattan Below 14th St (107) Marlboro (1) Maspeth (4) Massapequa (9) Maybrook (1) Merrick (2) Middle Village (3) Middletown (4) Millwood (3) Mineola (4) Mohegan Lake (1) Montgomery (2) Mount Kisco (1) Mount Vernon (1) Nanuet (3) Nesconset (1) New City (2) New Hyde Park (8) New Rochelle (12) New Windsor (7) Newburgh (7) North Salem (1) North Tonawanda (1) Northport (1) Nyack (8) Oakdale (1) Oceanside (2) Olean (1) Ossining (2) Oswego (1) Ozone Park (3) Patchogue (11) Pelham (1) Pleasantville (3) Port Chester (2) Port Ewen (1) Port Jefferson (1) Poughkeepsie (3) Purdys (1) Queens (53) Queens Village (7) Rego Park (6) Ridgewood (12) Rochester (8) Rocky Point (1) Ronkonkoma (9) Roslyn (1) Rotterdam Junction (1) Saint James (1) Salem (1) Saratoga Springs (2) Scarsdale (7) Schenectady (5) Seaford (1) Selden (1) Shrub Oak (1) Smithtown (1) Somers (2) Spring Valley (2) Staten Island (39) Sunnyside (3) Syracuse (6) Tarrytown (1) Thornwood (2) Valhalla (3) Valley Stream (1) Vernon (1) Victor (1) Wantagh (2) Wappingers Falls (4) Watertown (1) Webster (3) West Babylon (3) West Nyack (1) Westbury (3) White Plains (11) Whitestone (7) Williston Park (1) Woodbury (1) Woodhaven (5) Woodside (6) Yonkers (14) Yorktown Heights (3) Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... Manhattan 14th To 40th Street erotic massage parlors with reviews - 216 Add massage parlor 123456»›     Filters  Photos only Sort by Newest review Newest review Reviews No. Overall Rating Date Added Price 60 min Alphabetically Empire Spa 212-279-2222 831 6th Ave, 2nd Floor New York City, NY, 10001 11 reviews $ 65 Asian massage Today Heaven Spa 212-206-1939 15 W 17th St New York City, NY, 10011 32 reviews $ 75 Asian, Chinese, Japanese massage 2 days ago Silk Tigers 917-224-1348 & 212-382-1888 W 38th St & 7th Ave New York City, NY, 10018 56 reviews $ 80 Asian, Japanese, Korean, Thai massage 2 days ago All American Body Rub 646-350-0687 34th and Park New York City, NY, 10016 11 reviews $ 220 Caucasian, Latina massage 2 days ago Spa Valley 212-643-0609 27th St & Broadway New York City, NY, 10001 73 reviews $ 80 Korean massage 3 days ago Asian Bodywork 212-229-2508 237 W 14th St New York City, NY, 10011 33 reviews $ 50 Asian massage 1 week ago H2O Massage Men 646-599-5005 206 West 23rd Street 2nd Floor New York City, NY, 10001 12 reviews $ 60 Japanese, Korean massage 1 week ago Candlelight Salon 212-609-3757 110 Lexington Ave New York City, NY, 10016 27 reviews $ 220 European massage 1 week ago Red 27 Spa 917-963-7939 289 7th Avenue, Manhattan New York City, NY, 10001 3 reviews $ 80 Asian massage 1 week ago Jasmine Spa 917-821-7737 West 39th St New York City, NY, 10018 20 reviews $ 80 Chinese massage 2 weeks ago 24 Hr Massage 212-380-3198 156 W 20th St New York City, NY, 10010 13 reviews $ 50 Asian massage 2 weeks ago Choi's Barber Shop 212-629-8878 18 W 37th St New York City, NY, 10018 32 reviews $ 60 Asian, Chinese, Korean massage 2 weeks ago Asian Models NYC 347-408-8876 10 W 28th St New York City, NY, 10001 23 reviews $ 200 Asian massage 3 weeks ago Sweet Spa 29 646-752-7757 37 E 29th St, 2nd floor New York City, NY, 10016 27 reviews $ 80 Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai massage 3 weeks ago Gado Spa 212-695-8889 153 W 36th St New York City, NY, 10018 45 reviews $ 60 Chinese massage 3 weeks ago Japanese massage 123456»›   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Philadelphia PAMassage parlor reviews Philadelphia, happy ending erotic massages Philadelphia Massage Parlors Philadelphia Erotic massage near Philadelphia Bala Cynwyd Massage Parlors (4) Lansdowne Massage Parlors (1) Wynnewood Massage Parlors (1) Cheltenham Massage Parlors (1) Elkins Park Massage Parlors (1) Clifton Heights Massage Parlors (1) Ardmore Massage Parlors (1) Havertown Massage Parlors (3) Jenkintown Massage Parlors (1) Folsom Massage Parlors (1) All Pennsylvania massage parlors Philadelphia Abington (1) Allentown (16) Altoona (5) Ambler (3) Archbald (1) Ardmore (1) Bala Cynwyd (4) Bartonsville (4) Bensalem (4) Berwick (2) Berwyn (1) Bethel Park (2) Bethlehem (10) Bloomsburg (1) Bridgeville (3) Broomall (1) Butler (2) Camp Hill (7) Carlisle (2) Carnegie (1) Catasauqua (1) Chadds Ford (1) Chalfont (1) Chambersburg (3) Cheltenham (1) Cheswick (1) Clifton Heights (1) Clymer (1) Coatesville (1) Collegeville (3) Colmar (1) Concordville (1) Conshohocken (3) Coopersburg (1) Cranberry (1) Cresco (1) Dover (1) Downingtown (5) Doylestown (2) Duncannon (1) Duncansville (1) Dunmore (1) Eagleville (2) East Stroudsburg (5) Easton (2) Elkins Park (1) Emmaus (1) Erie (7) Exton (5) Feasterville Trevose (1) Fleetwood (1) Folsom (1) Freedom (1) Gettysburg (1) Gibsonia (2) Glenside (1) Greencastle (1) Greensburg (1) Greentown (1) Hallstead (1) Hanover (2) Harleysville (1) Harrisburg (8) Hatboro (2) Hatfield (3) Havertown (3) Hawley (2) Hazle Township (1) Hazleton (2) Hermitage (1) Hershey (1) Hollidaysburg (1) Horsham (1) Huntingdon Valley (3) Imperial (1) Indiana (1) Jeannette (1) Jenkintown (1) Johnstown (1) Kennedy Townships (1) Kennett Square (1) King Of Prussia (2) Kingston (3) Lancaster (6) Langhorne (1) Lansdale (4) Lansdowne (1) Leesport (1) Lemoyne (2) Levittown (1) Lewisburg (1) Linglestown (1) Lititz (1) Malvern (1) Maple Glen (2) Marysville (1) Matamoras (1) Mc Kees Rocks (1) Mckeesport (1) Mechanicsburg (1) Milford (2) Monroeville (6) Montoursville (1) Mt Lebanon (2) Muncy (1) Murrysville (3) Nanticoke (2) Nazareth (2) New Castle (1) New Cumberland (1) Norristown (5) North Versailles (2) Northampton (1) Oakdale (1) Oreland (1) Ottsville (2) Palmyra (1) Paoli (1) Philadelphia (84) Phoenixville (1) Pittsburgh (43) Pittston (2) Pleasant Hills (2) Plymouth (2) Pocono Summit (1) Pottstown (2) Pottsville (1) Quakertown (3) Reading (6) Schwenksville (1) Scranton (3) Selinsgrove (1) Shavertown (1) Shoemakersville (1) Skippack (1) Somerset (1) Southampton (6) State College (2) Stroudsburg (1) Tannersville (6) Tarentum (1) Taylor (1) Temple (1) Trexlertown (1) Trooper (1) Turtle Creek (1) Valley View (1) Warfordsburg (1) Warminster (6) Warrendale (1) Warrington (1) Washington (1) Wayne (2) West Chester (2) Wexford (1) Wilkes Barre (8) Williamsport (1) Willow Grove (1) Wynnewood (1) Yardley (1) York (2) Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... Philadelphia erotic massage parlors with reviews - 84 Add massage parlor 123456»›     Filters  Photos only Sort by Newest review Newest review Reviews No. Overall Rating Date Added Price 60 min Alphabetically Pink Asian Spa 215-988-0065 1207 Race St, 1st Floor Philadelphia, PA, 19107 39 reviews $ 60 Asian, Chinese massage 1 week ago 9 VIP 215-592-0790 426 N 9th St Philadelphia, PA, 19104 80 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 1 week ago Evergreen Spa 267-519-2940 & 267-815-8323 1021 N Cherry St Philadelphia, PA, 19107 17 reviews $ 60 Asian, Korean massage 1 week ago Cutie 215-564-1230 1123 Race St. Philadelphia, PA, 19107 36 reviews $ 60 Korean massage 1 week ago Japan Studio 215-569-8905 1819 Ranstead St Philadelphia, PA, 19103 28 reviews $ 60 Korean massage 2 weeks ago Hollywood Spa 215-928-0100 202 S Quince St Philadelphia, PA, 19107 24 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 3 weeks ago Sun Spa 267-324-3308 1217 Race St Philadelphia, PA, 19106 24 reviews $ 60 Korean massage 3 weeks ago The Rose 215-496-9653 1820 Ludlow St Philadelphia, PA, 19103 31 reviews $ 60 Asian, Korean, Thai massage 3 weeks ago Asian Massage 215-922-2325 212 Market St Philadelphia, PA, 19106 19 reviews $ 60 Asian, Chinese massage 3 weeks ago Thai Beauty Spa 215-928-2088 205 N 11th St Philadelphia, PA, 19107 19 reviews $ 60 Asian, Thai massage 1 month ago Paris Spa 312-483-4529 928 Arch st Philadelphia, PA, 19107 9 reviews $ 80 Asian massage 1 month ago 1814 Spa and Massage 215-557-7118 1814 Ludlow St Philadelphia, PA, 19107 27 reviews $ 60 Korean massage 1 month ago Bangkok Spa 215-238-5767 1124 Walnut St, 2nd Floor Philadelphia, PA, 19107 65 reviews $ 60 Asian, Korean, Thai massage 1 month ago Smile Spa 215-625-2530 42 S 3rd St Philadelphia, PA, 19106 37 reviews $ 70 Asian massage 1 month ago Bali Spa 215-440-0125 813 Sansom St Philadelphia, PA, 19107 34 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 1 month ago Japanese massage 123456»›   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Portland ORMassage parlor reviews Portland, happy ending erotic massages Portland Massage Parlors Portland Erotic massage near Portland Gresham Massage Parlors (1) Arch Cape Massage Parlors (1) Gladstone Massage Parlors (1) Beaverton Massage Parlors (2) Salem Massage Parlors (1) The Dalles Massage Parlors (1) Sisters Massage Parlors (1) Eugene Massage Parlors (4) Bend Massage Parlors (1) Grants Pass Massage Parlors (2) All Oregon massage parlors Portland Arch Cape (1) Beaverton (2) Bend (1) Eugene (4) Gladstone (1) Grants Pass (2) Gresham (1) Medford (4) Portland (19) Salem (1) Sisters (1) The Dalles (1) Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... Portland erotic massage parlors with reviews - 19 Add massage parlor 12»›     Filters  Photos only Sort by Newest review Newest review Reviews No. Overall Rating Date Added Price 60 min Alphabetically Lotus Massage & Spa 503-984-9048 14011 SE Division St, Suite B Portland, OR, 97236 4 reviews $ 65 Vietnamese massage 3 weeks ago Bodywork Relaxation 503-997-8971 301 NW 3rd Ave Portland, OR, 97209 8 reviews $ 70 Asian massage 2 months ago Chinese Massage 971-998-8329 6805 SE 82nd Ave Portland, OR, 97266 10 reviews $ 50 Chinese massage 4 months ago Fly Dragon Spa 503-828-2270 & 503-453-3354 1928 NE 42nd Ave Portland, OR, 97213 27 reviews $ 69 Chinese massage 7 months ago Mandarin Massage 971-313-3900 829 SE 182nd Ave #209 Portland, OR, 97233 11 reviews $ 60 Chinese massage 9 months ago Dragon Tree Massage 503-221-4123 2768 NW Thurman St Portland, OR, 92710 10 reviews $ 85 Caucasian massage 1 year ago Spa Sasse 503-228-8266 630 SW Alder St Portland, OR, 97205 15 reviews $ 100 Caucasian massage 1 year ago Equilibria Massage 503-221-2155 1308 NW 20th Ave, Ste 1 Portland, OR, 97209 13 reviews $ 80 Caucasian massage 1 year ago Aspen Summit Spa 503-777-3111 7724 SE Aspen Summit Dr, Suite 105 Portland, OR, 97266 22 reviews $ 65 Caucasian massage 1 year ago Regal Foot Spa 503-964-0139 8001 SE Powell Blvd #F Portland, OR, 97206 4 reviews $ 20 Caucasian massage 1 year ago Rejuvenation Day Spa 503-293-5699 6333 SW Macadam Ave Portland, OR, 97239 18 reviews $ 90 Caucasian massage 1 year ago Young Pine Acupuncture 503-877-5633 8282 SW Barbur Blvd Portland, OR, 97219 7 reviews $ 60 Caucasian massage 1 year ago Fusion Bodyworks PDX 503-281-8989 909 N Beech St Suite 211 Portland, OR, 97227 7 reviews $ 75 Caucasian massage 1 year ago Catalyst Acupuncture & Traditional Oriental Medicine 503-621-2988 838 SW 1st Ave Portland, OR, 97204 7 reviews $ 90 Caucasian massage 2 years ago An Sen Clinic 503-236-6633 107 SE Washington St #134 Portland, OR, 97214 6 reviews $ 70 Caucasian massage 2 years ago Korean massage 12»›   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Rochester NYMassage parlor reviews Rochester, happy ending erotic massages Rochester Massage Parlors Rochester Erotic massage near Rochester Webster Massage Parlors (3) Victor Massage Parlors (1) Fairport Massage Parlors (1) East Amherst Massage Parlors (1) Depew Massage Parlors (2) Buffalo Massage Parlors (5) North Tonawanda Massage Parlors (1) Oswego Massage Parlors (1) Olean Massage Parlors (1) Liverpool Massage Parlors (4) All New York massage parlors Rochester Airmont (1) Albany (7) Amityville (2) Ardsley (2) Astoria (77) Baldwin (2) Baldwin Place (1) Bay Shore (2) Bayside (28) Bedford (1) Bellerose (14) Bellmore (2) Bethpage (5) Binghamton (1) Blauvelt (2) Bohemia (4) Briarcliff Manor (7) Bronx (8) Brookhaven (1) Brooklyn (186) Buchanan (1) Buffalo (5) Calverton (1) Carle Place (1) Carmel (2) Centereach (2) Central Islip (3) Chappaqua (2) Clifton Park (1) College Point (1) Commack (1) Coram (3) Corona (3) Cortland (1) Cortlandt Manor (2) Deer Park (1) Depew (2) Dix Hills (1) Dobbs Ferry (1) Douglaston (1) East Amherst (1) East Elmhurst (3) East Meadow (2) East Northport (3) Eastchester (1) Elmhurst (25) Elmsford (5) Endwell (1) Fairport (1) Farmingdale (8) Farmingville (3) Fishkill (1) Floral Park (8) Flushing (131) Forest Hills (25) Franklin Square (2) Freeport (4) Fresh Meadows (3) Garden City (1) Glen Cove (2) Glen Head (1) Glendale (2) Goshen (1) Great Neck (8) Greenvale (1) Harriman (1) Hartford (1) Hartsdale (2) Hauppauge (2) Hawthorne (2) Hempstead (2) Hicksville (7) Highland (2) Holbrook (3) Howard Beach (1) Huntington (3) Huntington Station (4) Hyde Park (1) Islandia (1) Jackson Heights (3) Jamaica (10) Jericho (1) Johnson City (1) Kingston (7) Larchmont (1) Latham (1) Levittown (2) Lindenhurst (3) Little Neck (17) Liverpool (4) Long Island City (16) Lynbrook (6) Mahopac (2) Mamaroneck (4) Manhattan 14th To 40th Street (216) Manhattan 40th To 72nd Street (172) Manhattan 72nd Street and Above (60) Manhattan Below 14th St (107) Marlboro (1) Maspeth (4) Massapequa (9) Maybrook (1) Merrick (2) Middle Village (3) Middletown (4) Millwood (3) Mineola (4) Mohegan Lake (1) Montgomery (2) Mount Kisco (1) Mount Vernon (1) Nanuet (3) Nesconset (1) New City (2) New Hyde Park (8) New Rochelle (12) New Windsor (7) Newburgh (7) North Salem (1) North Tonawanda (1) Northport (1) Nyack (8) Oakdale (1) Oceanside (2) Olean (1) Ossining (2) Oswego (1) Ozone Park (3) Patchogue (11) Pelham (1) Pleasantville (3) Port Chester (2) Port Ewen (1) Port Jefferson (1) Poughkeepsie (3) Purdys (1) Queens (53) Queens Village (7) Rego Park (6) Ridgewood (12) Rochester (8) Rocky Point (1) Ronkonkoma (9) Roslyn (1) Rotterdam Junction (1) Saint James (1) Salem (1) Saratoga Springs (2) Scarsdale (7) Schenectady (5) Seaford (1) Selden (1) Shrub Oak (1) Smithtown (1) Somers (2) Spring Valley (2) Staten Island (39) Sunnyside (3) Syracuse (6) Tarrytown (1) Thornwood (2) Valhalla (3) Valley Stream (1) Vernon (1) Victor (1) Wantagh (2) Wappingers Falls (4) Watertown (1) Webster (3) West Babylon (3) West Nyack (1) Westbury (3) White Plains (11) Whitestone (7) Williston Park (1) Woodbury (1) Woodhaven (5) Woodside (6) Yonkers (14) Yorktown Heights (3) Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... Rochester erotic massage parlors with reviews - 8 Add massage parlor     Filters  Photos only Sort by Newest review Newest review Reviews No. Overall Rating Date Added Price 60 min Alphabetically R Green Spa 585-617-5176 4390 Buffalo Rd Rochester, NY, 14514 4 reviews $ 60 Asian, Chinese massage 3 weeks ago VIP Accupressure 585-235-5000 1280 Scottsville Rd Rochester, NY, 14624 37 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 1 month ago Sakura Spa 585-865-0999 630 West Ridge Road Rochester, NY, 14615 $ 60 Asian massage Irondequoit Spa 585-342-1505 531 E. Ridge Rd Rochester, NY, 14621 8 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 8 months ago Pine Tree Spa 585-475-1121 3159 Winton Rd S Rochester, NY, 14623 20 reviews $ 70 Asian, Korean massage 1 year ago Henrietta Spa 585-321-1876 2199 E Henrietta Rd Rochester, NY, 14623 15 reviews $ 60 Asian, Korean massage 1 year ago Day Spa 585-935-1818 White Spruce Blvd Rochester, NY, 14623 $ 60 Asian massage Henrietta Spa 585-321-1876 E Henrietta Rd & Calkins Rd Rochester, NY, 14623 $ 60 Asian massage Filipino massage   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors Springfield MOMassage parlor reviews Springfield, happy ending erotic massages Springfield Massage Parlors Springfield Erotic massage near Springfield South Campbell Massage Parlors (1) Belton Massage Parlors (1) Columbia Massage Parlors (4) Raytown Massage Parlors (1) Kansas City Massage Parlors (18) Gladstone Massage Parlors (5) Smithville Massage Parlors (1) Ellisville Massage Parlors (2) Chesterfield Massage Parlors (4) O'fallon Massage Parlors (2) All Missouri massage parlors Springfield Ballwin (3) Belton (1) Blue Springs (6) Brentwood (1) Brookfield (1) Cameron (1) Chesterfield (4) Clayton (2) Columbia (4) Crestwood (1) Des Peres (1) Ellisville (2) Florissant (2) Gladstone (5) Hazelwood (1) Kansas City (18) Manchester (2) O'fallon (2) Raytown (1) Rock Hill (1) Smithville (1) South Campbell (1) Springfield (13) St Ann (2) St Charles (9) St Joseph (2) St Louis (19) Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... Springfield erotic massage parlors with reviews - 13 Add massage parlor     Filters  Photos only Sort by Newest review Newest review Reviews No. Overall Rating Date Added Price 60 min Alphabetically Rainbow Asian Massage 417-327-9245 2005 E. Kearney St. Springfield, MO, 65803 12 reviews $ 60 Asian massage Yesterday Dream Spa 417-569-4598 2022 S Stewart Ave Springfield, MO, 65804 1 review $ 60 Asian massage 3 weeks ago Branson West Therapeutic Massage 417-272-1464 11016-11 MO-76 #21, Branson West, MO 65737 Springfield, MO, 65737 1 review $ 65 Caucasian massage 2 months ago Sunshine Spa 417-885-8022 1925 S. Glenstone Springfield, MO, 65804 6 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 8 months ago Lotus Spa 417-862-1505 220 W Sunshine St Springfield, MO, 65807 15 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 11 months ago Shui Massage 417-459-4417 520 W University St, Suite E Springfield, MO, 65807 11 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 1 year ago Asian Relax Center 417-619-5668 3006 E. Sunshine Street Springfield, MO, 65802 2 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 1 year ago Springfield's Best Massage 417-773-3902 2740 S Glenstone Ave, Suite 101 Springfield, MO, 65804 19 reviews $ 60 Caucasian massage 1 year ago Lotus Haven Spa 417-763-1417 300 E Sunshine St, Suite D Springfield, MO, 65807 3 reviews $ 60 Asian, Caucasian massage 1 year ago JJ SPA 417-599-0997 2727 W. KEARNEY ST. Springfield, MO, 65803 6 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 6 months ago Hong Kong Spa 417-869-8338 2309 E Kearney St Springfield, MO, 65803 16 reviews $ 100 Chinese massage 7 months ago Angie's Massage & Wellness 417-833-0424 2727 W Kearney St Springfield, MO, 65803 13 reviews $ 55 Caucasian massage 1 year ago Asian Body Acupressure Spa 417-988-3533 3029 E Sunshine St #C Springfield, MO, 65804 1 review $ 60 Asian massage 2 years ago Japanese massage   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
1	Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion Erotic massage Los Angeles, Asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM SLANG BLOG ESCORTS WEBCAMS Safe browsing ON OFF Rubmaps » Massage parlors St Louis MOMassage parlor reviews St Louis, happy ending erotic massages St Louis Massage Parlors St Louis Erotic massage near St Louis Crestwood Massage Parlors (1) Des Peres Massage Parlors (1) Rock Hill Massage Parlors (1) Ballwin Massage Parlors (3) Brentwood Massage Parlors (1) Manchester Massage Parlors (2) Blue Springs Massage Parlors (6) Clayton Massage Parlors (2) Ellisville Massage Parlors (2) Chesterfield Massage Parlors (4) All Missouri massage parlors St Louis Ballwin (3) Belton (1) Blue Springs (6) Brentwood (1) Brookfield (1) Cameron (1) Chesterfield (4) Clayton (2) Columbia (4) Crestwood (1) Des Peres (1) Ellisville (2) Florissant (2) Gladstone (5) Hazelwood (1) Kansas City (18) Manchester (2) O'fallon (2) Raytown (1) Rock Hill (1) Smithville (1) South Campbell (1) Springfield (13) St Ann (2) St Charles (9) St Joseph (2) St Louis (19) Newest Forum Posts Dallas seems to be returning to normal no card, no boom boom Magic acupressure/Ft Washington MD Texas Attorney General Arrests Backpage.com CEO San Leandro Brothel Newest Blog Posts Mini Tournament NFL Caught With Your Pants Down Shark Tank Musings Just got back from the strip club and I wondered why I went. Pokemon Go and Massage Parlors Newest Blog Comments Caught With Your Pants Down Jerry Rice GOAT. I knew he was my favorite player ... Mini Tournament NFL Big Ben has been on fire. So he is my pick. If it ... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr, not sure if this will double post... Mini Tournament NFL Derek Carr... Mini Tournament NFL Aaron Rodgers... St Louis erotic massage parlors with reviews - 19 Add massage parlor 12»›     Filters  Photos only Sort by Newest review Newest review Reviews No. Overall Rating Date Added Price 60 min Alphabetically Chinese Massage 636-287-2344 940 Jeffco Blvd St Louis, MO, 63010 1 review $ 60 Chinese massage 3 days ago Massage Bunny 314-266-9069 556 limit St Louis, MO, 63130 1 review $ 180 Caucasian, Ebony, Russian massage 2 weeks ago Girls Next Door Erotic Massage 314-440-2149 call for address St Louis, MO, 63101 40 reviews $ 125 Caucasian massage 3 weeks ago Clayton Serenity 314-721-4460 34 N Brentwood Blvd St Louis, MO, 63105 5 reviews $ 65 Caucasian massage 4 weeks ago Bodyworks Boutique 314-256-0607 717 Union Road St Louis, MO, 63123 11 reviews $ 100 Caucasian, Ebony massage 4 weeks ago Sakura Massage #2 314-756-2040 11400 Concord Village Suite F St Louis, MO, 63124 1 review $ 50 Asian massage 1 month ago Sakura Massage 314-756-2222 13222 Tesson Ferry Rd St Louis, MO, 63128 2 reviews $ 50 Asian massage 1 month ago Sunshine 314-270-8128 12660 Lamplighter Square, Ste. K St Louis, MO, 63128 1 review $ 50 Asian massage 2 months ago Sunrise Massage Day Spa 314-993-0517 9441 Olive Blvd St Louis, MO, 63132 41 reviews $ 50 Chinese massage 2 months ago Sun Li Massage 314-484-8756 8970 Watson Rd St Louis, MO, 63119 7 reviews $ 60 Asian massage 4 months ago U City Foot Massage 314-325-5297 8431 Olive Blvd.St Louis, MO St Louis, MO, 63132 1 review $ 60 Asian massage 6 months ago Beautiful Life Day Spa 314-814-9852 2129 Barrett Station Rd St Louis, MO, 63131 22 reviews $ 50 Asian massage 10 months ago Healing Haven 636-236-2727 1015 McCausland Ave, St. Louis, MO 63117 St Louis, MO, 63117 $ 80 Caucasian massage Massage Works 314-720-4410 13035 Olive Blvd #218, St. Louis, MO 63141 St Louis, MO, 63141 $ 40 Caucasian massage Caribbean Massage Queen 618-696-8615 Metro Illinois/St.Louis St Louis, MO, 62025 14 reviews $ 120 Dominican, Ebony massage 3 months ago Filipino massage 12»›   © Rubmaps.com 2016 - Asian Massage Parlors Directory Contact | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
