http://eroticmonkey.com/|_|Safe browsing ON OFF Add an Escort Blog Forum Escorts Erotic massage Login 100% FREE Signup! Find or use the Advanced Search Welcome to Erotic Monkey! Your discreet source for quality escort reviews in Los Angeles. Location: Los Angeles, CA CHANGE Nearby cities Inglewood 4 Los Angeles 5771 Culver City 3 South Gate 1 Hollywood 5 West Hollywood 1 LAX 3 Beverly Hills 7 Compton 2 El Segundo 1 US Cities Albuquerque 299 Atlanta 6207 Austin 1480 Bakersfield 714 Baltimore 1346 Boston 3568 Charlotte 1125 Chicago 4710 Cincinnati 604 Cleveland 1415 Columbia 248 Columbus 1402 Dallas 4835 Denver 1982 Detroit 2407 Honolulu 261 Houston 3716 Indianapolis 1601 Inland Empire 1479 Jacksonville 868 Kansas City 232 Las Vegas 3679 Little Rock 618 Los Angeles 5772 Louisville 1077 Memphis 1263 Miami 2903 Minneapolis 2037 New Jersey 1521 New Orleans 952 New York City 3574 Oakland 917 Oklahoma City 905 Omaha 501 Orange County 2280 Orlando 1741 Palm Springs 296 Philadelphia 1730 Phoenix 3132 Pittsburgh 916 Portland 890 Providence 875 Raleigh 1285 Reno 762 Sacramento 3493 Salt Lake City 1854 San Antonio 1163 San Diego 3453 San Fernando Valley 777 San Francisco 3588 San Jose 2292 San Mateo 205 Seattle 1531 St Louis 915 Tampa 2222 Tucson 735 Washington DC 2599 Newest reviews near Los Angeles, California 1 2 ... 168 » Results 1 - 15 of 2518 Sort by : Newest reviews Newest reviews Oldest reviews Best ranked 1 Mochaabrownn Orange County - 18-24 - African American 5 Escort Reviews Ebony was the play tonight. I love big lips and Mocha... Added: Oct 2016 by: 1ndnqt4u 11 Maribel Madurita Orange County 2 Escort Reviews Wanted some MILF action (I am 27) and Maribel looked good. ... Added: Oct 2016 by: Dan36909 3 Rachel Orange County - 37-45 - Caucasian 2 Escort Reviews I was on business in Anaheim and came across this honey. ... Added: Oct 2016 by: gmatic4u 3 Alexa Paige Orange County - 25-36 - Caucasian 5 Escort Reviews You get what you paid for. She attractive. But definitely... Added: Oct 2016 by: hewinning 9 Patty Orange County - 18-24 2 Escort Reviews Have seen Patty a few times. Fucking huge tits and I... Added: Oct 2016 by: OneFineMember 11 Candy Orange County - 25-36 - Latina 3 Escort Reviews Saw the other reviews here and figured I'd give it a go.... Added: Oct 2016 by: RnRart 10 Evelyn Orange County - 18-24 - Mixed 2 Escort Reviews Recently replied to a backpage ad for Evelyn. 2 text setup... Added: Oct 2016 by: lennyleo1 11 AMBER Orange County - 18-24 - Caucasian 2 Escort Reviews I came across her ads over the past few months, and after... Added: Oct 2016 by: LongBeachPirate 1 EVE Los Angeles - 18-24 - Latina 1 Escort Review It says that this girl is Latina, but she is... Added: Oct 2016 by: turkeybuns 15 Sofia Sherman Oaks - 18-24 - Latina 4 Escort Reviews Liked her look, so gave her a call. Some light screening... Added: Oct 2016 by: desper84 4 Gabby Orange County - 37-45 - Caucasian 1 Escort Review Ok service if you are in a pinch. Price is not bad. She... Added: Oct 2016 by: hurricanekerry 24 Susan Orange County - 18-24 - Asian 12 Escort Reviews Great girl, great time. Not sure if I will be back. Just... Added: Oct 2016 by: frostdflake 2 Tabie/Tabitha Orange County - 25-36 - Caucasian 16 Escort Reviews Table is simply one of the most beautiful, sexy, amazing... Added: Oct 2016 by: rmainthelbc71 4 Flynn Orange County - 18-24 - Asian 3 Escort Reviews Read the reviews on Flynn and had to give a try. Try and... Added: Oct 2016 by: insert_witty_namehere 4 Joon Orange County - 18-24 - Asian 2 Escort Reviews She looks very Japanese. Black straight hair. Decent... Added: Oct 2016 by: dutch8388 Results 1 - 15 of 2518 1 2 ... 168 » Testimonials My father once told me, “Nothing in this world is free. Not the food in your belly, not the water that hydrates you, nor the air you breathe. Someone or something somewhere sacrificed time, effort, or money, so you could have those privileges.” …Well, F$%*  you dad! EM is free, and it’s fu$#^&* amazing! - Paul R. Manhattan, NY Newest Blog Posts Bang for your Buck For the Laborers Out There Faked out by the Pic Screening Talking Escorts, Safety, Racism... Newest Forum Posts Let Me Be Your New Petite Treat in Corona! The Gentlemen\'s Choice ~The Ultimate Indulgence ~ Visiting Los Angeles The Gentlemen\'s Choice ~The Ultimate Indulgence The Gentlemen\'s Choice ~The Ultimate Indulgence Sabine Leclair - Sensual, Accomodating, Classy - True GFE Experience The contents of this site are registered and fully protected under the United States Copyright Act. No portion of the site may be copied, reproduced, downloaded, transmitted or otherwise used without the prior written consent of Erotic Monkey, LLC. Willful infringement of copyright may result in the award of statutory damages of up to $100,000 per act of infringement, attorneys fees, seizure and destruction of infringing materials, and injunction against further acts of infringement. Contact | Ad Banners | DMCA | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 EroticMonkey.com. All rights reserved. ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
http://saucysayswhat.tumblr.com/post/138045365510/lets-talk-about-gfemonkeycom-other-ad-scraping|_|1.5M ratings 277k ratings See, that’s what the app is perfect for. Sounds perfect Wahhhh, I don’t wanna Saucy Says What? Creative consulting, content creation & classes for your unique business.www.SaucyMktg.com Ask me anything Likes Archive Let’s Talk About GFEMonkey.Com & Other Ad Scraping Douchebags. These websites make me want to stab myself in the eye with a piping hot french fry.  Congrats, you have just been scraped by GFEMonkey.com, EroticMonkey.com or some other scraper site. The next time you find your photos somewhere it doesn’t belong. Here is what you do. 1. Don’t panic. Bookmark the page because you will be back. 2. Go to Whois.com. Look for the site’s host & admin. If the info is hidden by Privacy Protect, you will have to go through them. Fortunately, they take copyright violations seriously and will respond quickly. 3. Email the host, explaining the site stole the photos from your copyrighted website & ads. Include the link to the offending website as well as links to your Eros ad and personal website. You don’t have to tell them your real name. 4. Contact the website’s admin, repeating step 3. They most likely will not respond but they will know you aren’t happy. If you like, send them a DMCA notice.  5. Wait a few days and check the offending website. Retribution should be swift but give them a couple of weeks to straighten it out. 6. Pour champagne and toast your victory. Other Scraping Douchebags: www.SugarNights.com   admin@sugarnights.com - they are a-holes and will most likely refuse to remove the ad. Domain Owner: http://privacyprotect.org/ - file under “contact domain owner.” Host: http://www.exmasters.com  abuse@exmasters.com www.EscortBusts.com http://www.escortbusts.com/contact.php Host: http://www.enom.com/  abuse@enom.com Please reblog & add more offenders to the list. -J www.saucymktg.com | twitter.com/saucymktg male escorts escort sexwork sexworker domme prodomme prodom gay escorts sugar baby sugar bowl stripper strippers gfemonkey eroticmonkey female escort findomme sex worker problems independent escort scraper 238 notes 238 notes thegoodthebadthebeautifullysweet reblogged this from red-light-lover taylornmccall liked this studue liked this verassunshine liked this sunglittered-heaux liked this mandi-lynne reblogged this from gaysugarbabylife sugrxx reblogged this from saucysayswhat ultracrystalbitchhh reblogged this from hermes-whore sugarcween reblogged this from making-a-better-me thotfulornah liked this making-a-better-me reblogged this from lustington aspiringforsugar liked this spoiledrottensugarbaby reblogged this from thehappyhooker sweetsatine liked this amandatee liked this avec-femme-fatale liked this missyvr reblogged this from thehappyhooker n256 liked this temporary-practice-blog reblogged this from thehappyhooker nysugarrrr liked this sassysugar reblogged this from thehappyhooker and added: 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽 sassysugar liked this thenycsb liked this thehappyhooker reblogged this from a-bore-of-a-whore a-bore-of-a-whore reblogged this from blasiansugar101 thesugarimposter liked this sweetinparadise liked this murdermadam liked this morganeliselpg reblogged this from saucysayswhat morganeliselpg liked this xotilifeelmybones liked this futuresugarbabyadvices reblogged this from blasiansugar101 for-a-better-sarah liked this number6bitch liked this indigokastle liked this i-am-a-little-lestrange reblogged this from saucysayswhat fagsfoodandfellatio reblogged this from nikki-nebula nikki-nebula reblogged this from ms-nuit-noir momma-crow reblogged this from ms-nuit-noir ms-nuit-noir reblogged this from nuitnoirhateration cameltoesandnipslips liked this lustington reblogged this from gaysugarbabylife lustington liked this karmasutras liked this 666hoeaesthetics reblogged this from biscaynesugarxo saucysayswhat posted this Show more notesLoading... Jan 25th, 2016 Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink More you might like Taxxx Talk for Escorts, Sugar Babies, Porn Actors, Strippers, ProDommes & Other Adult Entertainers TOMORROW @6pm Eastern Standard Time  Got #sexwork Tax Questions? @TaxDomme ’s got answers. ONE MORE DAY!  Sign up: http://tinyurl.com/taxdomme sex work sex worker problems sexworker sexwork sexworkerrights sexworkerrightsarehumanrights Sugar Bowl sugar daddy sugar baby sugardaddy Sugarlife sensual massage seeking arrangement sugarsisters letstalksugar escorts escort GAY ESCORTS male escort female escorts ProSub sugarbabyproblems prodomme Prodom 1 note Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Why a Negotiation Class for Sex Workers? One major issue I’ve noticed since I started doing this biz consulting thing, is how common it is for some clients use our kindness (and financial need) against us to demand discounts, grandfathered rates, services we don’t provide & other kinds of f*ckery.  Because we might lack the business background or life skills to handle these situations in a beneficial way, we simply cut the client off - and along with it a stream of income. Sometimes we accept less pay because we fear the loss of business, but feel resentful whenever the client calls. The service quality often suffers - as well as our self esteem. I thought about a conversation I once had with my friend Bebe, an financial regulation specialist for a major Wall Street firm, who drew many of the same parallels being a woman in finance & sex work. We talked about the constant violation of boundaries, lack of respect as an equal & denial of proper pay in both settings. We also got a good chuckle over the fact she works with the very same men we meet in sex work!  Because we both believe in the empowerment of women in business, she agreed to help me teach a negotiation class on how to empower sex workers to get their money and curb the bullsh*t. “Negotiation” doesn’t have to be a dirty word when we do it like a Boss. Sign up at www.saucymktg.com/classes Also, I would love to see you at the tax Q&A session on the 24th. You will have the opportunity to ask a CPA your questions about taxes. This session is free to all without the purchase of the negotiation class - though due to the nature of the webinar set up, sign up for the the tax session only wont be available until after the 4/17 session. -J. Saucy sexworker sensual massage sexwork sex worker problems sex worker advice sex work GAY ESCORTS escort male escort Business sales sales techniques Sugar Bowl sugar daddy sugar baby sugarbabies female escorts findomme Domme prodomme Prodom kinkster bodyrub nuru massage 2 notes Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Happy Friday from Saucy Marketing! www.saucymktg.com | Twitter: @saucymktg friday tgif sexwork sexworker Sugar Bowl sugar baby escort Male escorts female escort prodomme gay escorts 3 notes Open in app Facebook Tweet Pinterest Reddit Mail Embed Permalink No Thanks, I Won’t Read Your Entire Website: A Troubleshooting Guide for Sex Workers During a rushed grocery shopping trip, you breathlessly ask a stock boy where the milk is kept - only to see him point to the sign above your head leading straight to it. Admit it. We are all guilty of doing this. No matter how annoying client questions get – even when the answers are found on your website - the onus remains with you to ensure the information is clear and easy to find. Failing this, the stupid questions come in droves, zapping you of time & energy. Before we continue, we must accept the following truths: 1. Some clients will be tire kickers, lazy or obtuse. Accept it. Move on. Don’t take client stupidity personal. 2. No one reads and digests every bit of information on your website.  You’re lucky if they read 30% of your content. 3. Hiring a sex worker is almost always an impulse decision. 4. Your ad is one of 100 ads the client viewed that day. By the time they have landed on your website, their attention span is shot. 5. You have only a few seconds to capture your client’s interest in your website. If they stay, you have 15 seconds to make your sales pitch. What can be done to fix this infuriating, yet oh-so-common issue? The good news is there are ways to address the problem of visitors failing to read important areas of your site. I have personally tested the following techniques and am confident they will end (or at least reduce) your headaches. Let’s get started! Find the weak spots on your website. Using Session Recording & Heat Map tools such as Mouseflow or SessionCam can identify what your potential clients aren’t seeing. Simply add the code to your site and the tool does the rest for you. Session recording allows you to watch as someone browses your site; every swipe, click and word typed into your contact form is there for viewing.  Session recording is also a great tool for client screening when you cross-reference the client’s IP address. Observe the user’s activity; how long do viewers stay on your site? Do they miss important information due to poor layout, broken links or invisible scroll bars? From where are they exiting your site? You will be surprised by what viewers don’t catch. Heat Mapping tools show the places where viewers click most, with the red spots or X’s depending on the program, being the “hottest” and the blue being the “coldest.” Use an analytics program to track your traffic sources. If jerks are contacting you, your link may have been posted to a jerk-populated website. If it’s an issue, ask your webmaster to block traffic from that website.  Analytics programs are also great for spotting spammers affecting your website’s search engine ranking Repeat yourself repeatedly. Try placing hyperlinks strategically throughout your text to reference another page.  For example, if a paragraph contains the word “rates,” use a hyperlink leading the viewer to the rates page. Repeat a certain piece of information if you think it’s important. Don’t worry about sounding like a broken record; your viewer is more likely to see and retain the information. Integrating these minor changes alone will save you countless headaches. Eliminate fluff & clichés. Did you know The New York Times, despite its’ affluent reader base, reads at high school level? Keep it simple with reasonably short sentences.  If more than one or two words per page require a dictionary handy – eliminate them. Wasting valuable space describing your long, silken, golden blonde hair and sparkling, intense green eyes that shine like the finest emeralds, your flawless smooth soft skin and your perfect round curvy insert-body-part-here fatigues your readers’ eyes, diverting attention from the important details. For every paragraph you write written, figure out some find ways to make the sentences shorter consolidate them; change the grammar, use synonyms & eliminate unnecessary information altogether. Layer important text directly on your photos. Using text as a graphic element creates visual interest and ensures the viewer takes notice of what is being said. When used sparingly, highlighting, italicizing & changing text color is another way to help text stand out. Implement a pre-appointment script after screening and booking a client. When a client accidentally paid my outcall rate for an incall date I developed a script outlining my expectations. This small adjustment immediately nipped client mistakes in the bud. Explaining your cancelation, payment or etiquette policies over the phone or in a confirmation email looks professional and prevents misunderstandings. Have it written down next to your phone until you have it memorized. Have prewritten answers to popular questions. Save them in your email drafts folder, copy and paste as needed. Easy! ****************************************************** Escorts, prodommes, sensual masseuses, sugar babies & other sex workers: What steps have you taken to cut down on annoying or time wasting clients? Reblog and tell me in the notes. If you would like a FREE expanded version of this report, hit me up at info@saucymktg.com www.saucymktg.com | twitter.com/saucymktg male escort female escorts female escort sexworker sexwork sex worker problems sex worker advice GAY ESCORTS rentboy Gigolo prodomme Prodom dominatrix domina stripper stripping strippers Sugar Bowl sugar baby sugarbabies sensual massage sugar baby advice 247 notes Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Easy Ways To Make Clients/Sugar Daddies Feel Special Pt. 2 Wear a sexy costume; maid, nurse/doctor, nun/priest, cowboy/girl, cop, clown - whatever you think will excite your client. Send them an interesting article about a subject they care about. Remember their favorite drink. Give one of their body parts a cute nickname. Create a private joke between the two of you. sex work sexworker sexwork sex worker problems sex worker advice escort GAY ESCORTS male escort maledom escorts female escorts prodomme Prodom stripper stripping strippers Sugar Bowl sugar daddy sugar baby sugarbabies sugar life 11 notes Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Free Client Screening Webinar Feb 8th @6pm How would it feel to meet safer, kinder, more compatible clients? Harnessing the power of the net, pre-qualifying potential clients (a.k.a. “screening”) can greatly reduce the risk of encountering predators disguised as clients. Learn why knowing your client’s name can save your life (as well as how to ask for and use the information), the signs of a time waster, ninja internet search tips & the ways bad guys try to circumvent screening efforts. Come join us! Safety First. Please Reblog. twitter: @saucymktg female escorts gay escorts female escort male escort sexworker sexwork sex worker problems Sugar Bowl sugar baby sugarbabies sensual massage nuru massage body rubs rentboy prodomme prodom dominatrix domina safety stripper sex worker safety sex worker rights tantrika escort Gigolo 1 note Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Advertising 101 for Escorts, Dommes/Subs, Sugar Babies, Bodyworkers - You’re Invited! http://www.saucymktg.com/classes http://www.saucymktg.com/classes Bored to tears with your directory advert? Do you attract the wrong kind of clientele? Tired of looking & sounding like everyone else? This class is for you. Learn the elements of a successful advertisement. Capture your ideal client base, communicate your individual brand & get the clients you deserve! Learn to identify your ideal clients - and how to market directly to them. Conjure the best headline ever using the 4 most effective headline types guaranteed to get your ideal client’s attention. Find your unique niche and stand out from the competition. Plan the strategic photo shoot that will show your target you’re more than a pretty picture. Never waste money on ads again by adopting a simple organizational system. Learn the anatomy of a powerful, effective advertisement sure to activate your target’s imagination. This easy-to-use formula will remove the stress from writing any ad. How the potency of Neurolinguistic Programming (NLP) & Power Words can change your business. …And as they say, MUCH MUCH MORE! All sex workers are invited - Don’t miss the opportunity to make MORE MONEY in 2016.  http://www.saucymktg.com/classes twitter.com/saucymktg | saucymktg.com | info@saucymktg.com escort GAY ESCORTS male escort female escorts sexworker sex worker advice sexwork sensual massage dominatrix prodomme findomme domina Domme master cam model male cam model male cam kinkster Sugar Bowl sugar daddy sugar baby sugarbabies ebony sugar asian sugar baby sugar baby advice nuru massage bodyrub bondassage escort advice escort advertising 6 notes Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Grab Your Passport - It’s Time to Go On Tour! sex work sexworker sexwork sex worker problems sexworkerrights escort GAY ESCORTS escorts sensual massage Sugar Bowl sugar daddy sugar baby sugardaddy Sugarlife sugarbabies sugarbabyproblems sugarbabylife male escort maledom female escorts female escort Male escorts malesugarbaby dominatrix domina ProSub prodomme Prodom seeking arrangement letstalksugar Open in app Facebook Tweet Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Work kit flow. #sugarlife #sexwork #sugarsisters #sugardaddy #letstalksugar #sugarbabyproblems #sugarbabylife #sugarsupport #sugarbabylove #escortlifestyle #escortgirl #dominatrix #whatsyourprice #escorts #camgirl #domina #sugarbowl #prodomme #prosub #malesugarbaby #maleescort #rentboy #sugarbabylife #escortlife #spoiled #sugaring #sugarworld #sugaradvice #allowanceday #escort prosub domina spoiled malesugarbaby sugarworld sugarlife escortgirl sugaradvice rentboy sugarbabyproblems sugardaddy escort camgirl sexwork dominatrix sugarsupport letstalksugar sugarsisters escortlifestyle maleescort prodomme sugarbabylove escorts allowanceday sugarbabylife sugaring whatsyourprice sugarbowl escortlife 1 note Open in app Facebook Tweet Pinterest Reddit Mail Embed Permalink Some clients do it for variety, others do it for a fantasy fling or ongoing girlfriend experience. Every client, however, has an expiration date. Clients don’t belong to us to any more than we belong to them. Open in app Facebook Tweet Pinterest Reddit Mail Embed Permalink See this in the app Show more
http://www.cafreviews.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=44|_|    CAF Review Board > Edmonton & Area Reviews Edmonton Escorts User Name Remember Me? Password Register FAQ Members List Calendar Search Today's Posts Mark Forums Read Threads in Forum : Edmonton Escorts Forum Tools   Rating Thread / Thread Starter Last Post Replies Views There have been no posts in the last 30 days in this forum. Try using the controls below to search for any older posts that may exist. Display Options Moderators Showing threads 0 to 0 of 0 Moderators : 1 Sorted By Thread Title Last Post Time Thread Start Time Number of Replies Number of Views Thread Starter Thread Rating Sort Order Ascending Descending From The Last Day Last 2 Days Last Week Last 10 Days Last 2 Weeks Last Month Last 45 Days Last 2 Months Last 75 Days Last 100 Days Last Year Beginning   admin  Forum Tools Search this Forum Mark This Forum Read View Parent Forum Search this Forum : Advanced Search New posts Hot thread with new posts No new posts Hot thread with no new posts Thread is closed     Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Private General     General Discussion     Sex News     Buy and Sell     Pictures     Videos     Announcements     ALT Reviews     ALT Advertising     Interviews Calgary and Area Reviews     Calgary Escorts     Calgary Massage     Calgary Massage Ads     Calgary Escort Ads     Lethbridge Reviews     Lethbridge Advertising Edmonton & Area Reviews     Edmonton Escorts     Edmonton Massage     Edmonton Massage Ads     Edmonton Escorts Ads     Red Deer Reviews     Red Deer Advertising Northern Alberta     Grande Prairie Reviews     Fort Mac Reviews     Grande Prairie Advertisements     Fort Mac Advertisements Saskatchewan Reviews     Regina Escorts/Massage     Saskatoon Escorts/Massage     Saskatchewan Advertising Manitoba Reviews     Winnipeg Escorts/Massage     Winnipeg Advertising BC Reviews     BC Information World Travel     Adult Travel     Las Vegas Reviews     Other Cities All times are GMT -6. The time now is 05:40 PM. CAF Review Board - Archive - Top Powered by vBulletin® Version 3.8.8 Copyright ©2000 - 2016, vBulletin Solutions, Inc.
http://www.gfeclub.com/|_|register Northeast Provider Reviews, Discussions & More Home Search Forum Providers Hobbyists Today's Posts New Posts FAQ Gallery New Girls Forum List Groups Calendar Quick Links Today's Posts Subscribed Threads Open Contacts Popup View Site Leaders Who's Online Mark Forums Read Our Friends National The Lounge Welcome Center Think Tank How To UTR & Casual Encounters Politically Incorrect Sports arena Fetish Discussions TS Providers - Discussions High Rollers - discussions New Jersey NJ Provider Ads NJ Reviews NJ Alerts! NJ Discussions NJ ISO NJ Strip Clubs Pennsylvania PA Provider Ads PA Reviews PA Alerts! PA Discussions PA ISO PA Strip Clubs New York NY Provider Ads NY Reviews NY Alerts! NY Discussions NY ISO NY Strip Clubs Conn. & Mass. CT/MA Provider Ads CT/MA Reviews CT/MA Alerts! CT/MA Discussions CT/MA ISO CT/MA Strip Clubs Washington D.C. DC Provider Ads DC Reviews DC Alerts! DC Discussions DC ISO DC Strip Clubs Personal Forums Betty ~ SNJ Cummings Lane Dream Team Homepage What's New? Forum FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Site Leaders Gallery Rules Pages Advanced Search view profile New Jersey Spotlight: The Goddess Alexandra My Stats Age: 34 Eye Color: Brown Hair Color: Black Height: 5' 0" Weight: 160 Breast Size: D Cup Location: New Jersey Availability: Incall My Latest Provider Posts 2 spots left for The Ultimate Goddess Experience. Jacuzzi sessions!!! Act fast! Relax with The Goddess Alexandra The Goddess Alexandra The Ultimate Goddess Experience My Latest Reviews Goddess Alexandra Goddess Alexandra New Jersey Showcase Ally Vixen Cassievasq... M.B.V (... Kayla Bell LaurenAKA view all New Jersey Provider Posts ❤️ ❤️ MEADOWLANDS ❤️ FRIDAY❤️ EXTREMELY WELL REVIEWED VIXENS... M.B.V ( My Beautiful Vixen) 10-07-2016 06:08 PM Alluring Russians Gina's Little Secret 10-07-2016 06:00 PM CHARLIE JONES OF THE LOVE RANCH NORTH here in NNJ charliejones 10-07-2016 05:58 PM ❤INCALL Woodbridge Monday 10/10❤❤Gangbang 10/14❤New Pics on... heathers40dds 10-07-2016 05:37 PM Se7en Lovely Ladies Tour New Jersey! Dream Team 10-07-2016 05:09 PM Last min super specials with Jasmine in Meadowlands jessicarabbit69 10-07-2016 05:00 PM view more Recent Threads Next week posted by ldlover 0 replies posted in NJ Discussions end of back page? posted by coneyman 1 replies posted in NJ Alerts! Independant asian backpage posted by abcdefgh 2 replies posted in NJ Discussions Miranda Miif posted by Tunnelboy 1 replies posted in NJ Reviews Backpage CEO Arrested posted by Gunny6827 5 replies posted in NJ Discussions Megann posted by tedwhite 3 replies posted in NJ Reviews Screening - work info posted by cnj_devilish 6 replies posted in NJ Discussions MBV Kiara posted by randallross 0 replies posted in NJ Reviews Amber of Nina's: Fit for a King or Queen and anything in between posted by jaksiemasz40 0 replies posted in NJ Reviews Amber of Nina's posted by aznkilla 0 replies posted in NJ Reviews Discussions, Escort Reviews and More! Rules & FAQ Advertisement Guidelines Contact Us 2257 Exemption Copyright © 2014 - All Rights Reserved - GFEClub.com Switch to mobile Contact Us GFEClub Home Archive Top All times are GMT -4. The time now is 07:40 PM.
http://www.internationalsexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?1651-North-China-Dalian|_|Register Help Remember Me? Front Page Forum Today's Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Site Leaders Who's Online What's New? Photo Gallery Abbreviations Advanced Search Forum Asia China North China - Dalian If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Thread: North China - Dalian + Add Report Page 1 of 51 1 2 3 4 5 11 ... Last Jump to page: Results 1 to 15 of 759 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… This blog is moderated by Admin Yesterday 19:37 #759 Riyoku View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 1 Hey bro, I just moved to Kai Fa Qu, do you have more places to share around here.[Deleted by Admin] Originally Posted by WideBlueSea  [View Original Post] Gents, I have been living in Kaifaqu (the Development Zone about half an hour North of Dalian) and can offer some insights into mongering in this part of Dalian. Five Colours is your best bet. It is an interesting little area full of bars not far from Kaifaqu light rail station and just behind Jinma Lu (the main street in Kaifaqu) with lots of little bars and some massage parlors. During the day Five Colours is a ghost town. You need to hit the place after 8 PM. By midnight the place soon empties but probably stays open later in Summer. Haven't experienced a winter here yet but I would imagine the place would be pretty deserted as it can get down to -15 see in Dalian in Winter. EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted because it was an attempt by the author to encourage members to CONTACT HIM on ANOTHER WEBSITE. In the future, please refrain from posting requests for forum members to contact you on another website. Thanks! Reply With Quote 09-30-16 15:28 #758 Smapti View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 16 Update Just thought I'd post an update since this forum hasn't been active in a long time: Wusi lu, next to the sweet art cake shop. This place is still in full swing (except on Sundays). However, the charge was exceptional at 1300 RMB. There were plenty of girls to choose from, and it was a full sauna experience, with nuru and everything. I figured it was okay instead of paying a ticket to Shanghai. However, when I was walking out, I noticed that one of the Chinese customers was only being charged 900! I tried to put up a fight about this, but they insisted that the man was a "VIP" and had been coming there a long time. It seems obvious to me that I was charged the foreign price. But. The selection is quite nice. The girls are hot, hot, and worth it, in my opinion. Watch out for the big turtle crawling around the place! It caught me off guard. Jianxing Bathing. Location: 107 Baishan Road. A very normal place. They might offer a hand-job, but that's about it. I wasn't very impressed with the selection of girls. Name: Jinshaxin Korean Porotic Bone Leisure Hall. Location: 148 Lianhe Road. This place was nice. There was a selection of girls to choose from in the waiting room, just like most places in Dalian. I waited around and found a beautiful girl. No sex, just handjob. But the massage was done almost completely with her legs, and was quite relaxing and erotic! She let me fondle her breasts a little for the handjob, but I think the charge was a little steep. Places on Xian Lu behind Roosevelt Plaza: These places are all still in full swing. Full service! There's a good place in Kaifaqu also. But I don't know the address exactly. You have to ask the taxi driver, and he will take you there from the light rail station. Do not go to the bath hotel right across from the station: the selection is not very good! Reply With Quote 05-20-16 05:51 #757 WideBlueSea View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 8 Kaifaqu. Five Colours Gents, I have been living in Kaifaqu (the Development Zone about half an hour North of Dalian) and can offer some insights into mongering in this part of Dalian. Five Colours is your best bet. It is an interesting little area full of bars not far from Kaifaqu light rail station and just behind Jinma Lu (the main street in Kaifaqu) with lots of little bars and some massage parlors. During the day Five Colours is a ghost town. You need to hit the place after 8 PM. By midnight the place soon empties but probably stays open later in Summer. Haven't experienced a winter here yet but I would imagine the place would be pretty deserted as it can get down to -15 see in Dalian in Winter. There are a couple of massage parlors that offer sex along Liaohe West Road (on the western side of Five Colours). Be prepared to haggle hard on prices as the girls will attempt to charge you outrageous prices first. I went in for a one hour massage (just massage for one hour costs 100 RMB) and straight away she is asking me is I want sex for 1,000 RMB. In Aussie dollars that equates to about $200 for 1 hour sex. I had to laugh at that. I was getting good sex in Sydney for $100 for one hour. She starts telling me how poor she is and she has a mentally disabled sister she has to care for. True, these girls do not make much money (maybe 200 RMB a day on a good day if they are just doing massage). I finally got her down to 200 RMB for a BBBJ. Didn't want to fuck her as she was by no means a good looker (maybe a 4). She attempted a very lame blow job. I was so uninspired I couldn't even come. Finally she gave up and tried jerking me off. I told her to stop as the experience was turning really sour for me. Put on my clothes, paid her the 200 to get rid of her and left the joint 300 RMB pooer (had to pay 100 for a massage I didn't even get). On my way out I noticed there are some good looking girls in this place and wish I had asked to see some other girls but the lesson was learnt. On a much brighter note I have been fucking one of the massage girls from a different massage place for a few weeks now. She comes to my apartment and we fuck for a couple of hours for 300 RMB. This lady is not a stunner (maybe a 5) but she is good in bed and loves kissing so it is a nice GFE. It took a while to get to this point with her and I think you need to be patient to find a nice lady in Kaifaqu who is willing to come to your apartment for sex. If you are here for just a couple of days then you probably need to stay in Dalian downtown and hook up with an escort (you can get some stunners to come to your apartment for 800-1000 RMB for FS for one hour). I haven't had any luck yet picking up from a bar in Five Colours but there are a couple of good bars there that offer potential (e. G. Sunset Island). Happy hunting! Reply With Quote 03-07-16 16:41 #756 LaydeeLover View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 35 Minzheng Jie BBS This place is on Minzheng Rd which is a block south of Huanghe Lu in between Xian Lu and Ruyi Jie. It's hard to see anything inside except for the pink light because of the glass. I went during lunch time around 1 pm. When I walked in, there were five or six decent looking gals sitting down looking at their phones. They looked up to see me and then went back to their phones not even breaking stride from what they were doing. The mamasan motioned for me to come to the back behind a curtain. Then the oldest lady there comes out and I was surprised because she was the only one willing to service me. She was about 5'5 or 5'6, slim with some see cup tits and short black hair. I decided to indulge her and she told me 500 RMB. Wow! I might have been willing to if it was lower but I decided to decline and leave. I couldn't make it to the spa since I was short on time for lunch. And it was my last day too so I decided to indulge a SW in the courtyard directly across from the BBS. Sure enough she quoted me at 200 RMB. She was a little older but slim, small ass and maybe be-cup tits. Went to her apartment and she had a friend come and ask if she could join for an extra 200 RMB. I declined that offer as I only wanted a quick lunch nut. No BJ but I got to attention and pounded her in mish for about 15 minutes. After I got mine, I dressed and left. I really wish the young BBS girls would have offered to seen me, even for 300 or 400 RMB because they were cute. Maybe you guys will have better luck with them. Happy hunting! Reply With Quote 03-05-16 13:59 #755 Arcane0 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 1 Asian foreigner here in Dalian for short term work. Finally check out Mankind Spa after one month. The location is describe as in previous posts. The door fee (or bathing charge) is RMB 39 and the service is RMB 259, so total is RMB 298. The process here is different from my country, where here you need to bathe yourself in a public bath before proceeding for service. You can't skip that bathing. The place was nicely decorated with guys serving you towels, and you can pay extra for massage. After bathing, you can opt for foot massage extra charge or proceed for service. I was there last weekend in the evening, and manage to check out around 10+ girls, they come in batches of 3 and you can ask for their number. Chose one, which was around 28- 30 I think, looks about 7 and tall enough for me. Has nice boobs to hold, slightly sag but still good. Her service was good, and provided anal rimming, BJ and roaming. She's accommodate enough and I manage to try 3 positions, missionary, doggy and cowgirl. Finish. With a blast, the room was nice with mirrors around. After finish, bathe again and proceed with payment. Yunshui bathing place on Baishan road. I check this place out after a few days as this place seem a bit more cheaper. However, the experience was not good. The process is same as Mankind, but the bathing place is pretty average unlike Mankind at all. No guys serving you. After bathing, I proceed to checkout the girls. Most is rated 5 at best, and only about 6-7 available around 3 pm when I was there. Usually, I would have quit and go to another place. But. Somehow, they were quite persistent and I took one who was quite short. There is the service like anal rimming, BJ and roaming but the skills are below average, nothing to shout about. Just finish my deed quickly and pay. Unlikely to return anytime soon. The rate was RMB 29 (entrance fee / bathing) + RMB 209 (service). The room were just average with slim mattress and kinda hot as well. Reply With Quote 03-03-16 19:10 #754 LaydeeLover View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 35 Mankind Spa I came to Dalian for a week of "business". My first order of business was to check out Mankind Spa. It's located in an alley right off of Zhengren Jie which is between Wusi Lu and Zhongshan Rd. The alley runs parallel with Wusi and Zhongshan on the other side of the Amway walking away from the Walmart. They also have a big sign in the alley that says Mankind Spa. Anyway, so I go in, and the guy at the door leads me downstairs. He made the finger in a hole motion and calculated 298 RMB on my phone calculator. I make it down stairs where I receive a locker and have to strip naked to shower. So after I get fresh and clean, I am then given some shorts and a shirt. I'm led to another room where I could relax and have a drink, massage or to cutting (all extra of course) if I wanted to. After I decide I'm ready, I'm led downstairs where 3 girls are called out for me. They did not have numbers but they were average with the same look. Long black hair, slim, not big or small ass. Two of them avoided eye contact with me so I took the one that was looking at me. She had A cup tits and a small ass. Her face was about a 5-6. Not beautiful but not a dog either. She looked average but I was not complaining. At 28, she's still young and somewhat tender. She went to get her stuff and came back into the room. She did the water in her mouth thing and kissed all over my body back and front. She also sucked my nipples before going down to the balls. She did a good job there and her BJ was very good also. Not the best I have had but very good indeed. After I had risen to the occasion, she put a rubber on me and I went to town on her in mish. After about 20 minutes, I asked to change to K9 but she declined that and other positions. This was a let down with her as was not offering to rim. I normally don't go for that but I at least want to be asked. Anyway, after another several minutes, I ended up finishing so I could leave. After I came, we made smallest of small talk as best we could with limited English / Chinese before getting dressed. All in all, it was a decent experience. Getting to pound a younger gal is always a plus. Just hated that there was no changing of positions or offer of rimming. However, due to the great reviews, I will check this place out again but just not her. Just a quick note. I found the BBS on Minzheng Road and the bath house off Guangping Road not far from Roosevelt. I will report after visiting one them. Reply With Quote 01-31-16 03:30 #753 ComingToDalian View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 1 Coming to Dalian I will be coming to Dalian this week, and would like to get a heads up on where I can find hot local ladies near Inn Fine Hotel. Reply With Quote 12-06-15 08:48 #752 AmericanChina View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 2 I didn't realize Kaifaqu is the name of the Metro train station by 5 colors, which means the last few posts are all the same question. I went through 5 colors Saturday night and expected to see a happening area packed with locals and expats. I didn't notice if Boontown is still there. What I saw was a bunch of empty bars and perhaps one busy with locals, though I saw no unattached females. A slightly attractive female in her early 30's was entering the massage place I previously mentioned and offered a massage, but I said no. A trip to the South of the Bay may become necessary if I don't get advice about this area. I see lots of massage places, but I want to be able to select someone attractive and know that they offer full service. Reply With Quote 12-05-15 14:27 #751 AmericanChina View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 2 South Jinzhou I am in Dalian in the south of Jinzhou District near 5 Colours and will be here until the end of January. I'm glad I found this thread but seems that all the reviews so far in this thread are regarding places located South of the bay in the Shahekou and Zhongshan districts. Has anyone explored up here? So far I stopped at a massage parlor and a woman (Mamasan?) gave me a business card while telling me in broken English that they can send a girl to my hotel. The card says "Massage King XXXXXXXX8 24 hours we have the most erotic massages in town, you will not be disappointed. We have a variety of beautiful girls from the age of 20 as well as college students. OL and nurses hotels can be called in advance accident massage add: five color city across from the East hotel. " No mention of prices, so I'd like any insight. I'll update as things progress, but I'd appreciate some advice. I'm new to the hobby but have been paying attention to it for a bit. Reply With Quote 08-10-15 23:14 #750 HotSexMaster View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 5 Any nice girls or nice place in Jinzhou? Hi, Does anybody know a nice place in Jinzhou where I can have fum with sexy ladys? Or some wechat contacts? And does anybody now a website or app where I can chat with girls in China especially in Dalian? Reply With Quote 07-24-15 08:08 #749 Split View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 118 Enforcement right now. Today that assisted bathing place (the nice one remodeled) is now closed. The english speaking girl said come back in 2 or 3 days. Mankind down the Street told me no service today or Saturday. And one of my favorite places off of Dandong Jie and Goeriji Lu had no service last night and didn't know when. So It seems 3 out of 3 places in 24 hours and one directly telling me it's police that there must be a crackdown that hapened as of the last day or two. Reply With Quote 07-24-15 04:13 #748 Split View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 118 Originally Posted by Euphoria14  [View Original Post] Thanks for the update. Have been waiting for this Assisted bathing place to open up since I came to Dalian. Is it the one just beside the Sweet art cake shop? But prices seem a bit high. Hope the service is good enough. And where is this Chinese Dance Hall that you mentioned? Where in Jiefang square? I really didn't get the warm welcome at the remodeled batch house next the Sweet Art Cake Shop. Yes it's the same place. The women seemed to argue with the guy just even to be seen. So I wasn't really willing to pay 499 RMB+, especially when one of those girls was already had from Mankind. Nothing really to write home about on her except her tight vagina. I can't tell you where Jiefang square is because I don't have google maps here. But I do know its very close to Roosevelt Center near Xian Lu. It's opposite of Roosevelt Center on the other side of Xian Lu. I think some other members can help you pin-point exactly the location because I don't remember the street name. I think this placed was discussed here a few years ago. You might find it in this thread. I had a lot of fun there, but again, those girls are doing it for extra money. Only 1 girl refused me. Many of them seem a little uncomfortable dancing with a foreigner. They avoid direct eye contact, expept for one. All of them seemed to be extremely shy or almost embarrassed with direct contact and smiling while dancing so closely. But, I warn you, if you go by yourself, you will be swarmed by 30's women pulling you about. Reply With Quote 07-23-15 01:53 #747 Euphoria14 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 7 Originally Posted by Split  [View Original Post] In town for a short visit. I noticed that the closed assisted bathing house near the Sweet Art cake shop spoken about in this thread a while ago has reopened in a dramatic way. I went there 2 days ago and the place is lush. Each room has a connected bathing Nuru massage mat and shower. This place went from a complete dive to probably the best looking place I've seen in Dalian. They increased prices too 499 RMB for 50 minutes (they first told me 40 minutes but changed it to 50). The next is something like 800 RMB for 70 minutes or so. The day I went there it seemed only 3 girls were working. One really skinny girl came by but I can see they were all trying to not be seen by the foreigner. I asked for that one but they said she had another customer and to wait. I asked to see the others and they brought out a girl I've seen at Mankind once (down the street). They said I could come back the next day to get the girl I wanted. When I returned, the story changes and she's not available. As nice as this place looked, and if I was going to spend that type of money I want the girl I saw earlier. They attempted to get me to take the other girls. Not worth it because I've had them somewhere else before a while back. Went to Mankind and had a wild #25 (Mandy? From Dandong) who was definately giving her all in performance and a striking girl at first glance. She got down and starting blowing me immediately after undressing and before getting on the bed. Great face and eyes. Came back to Mankind on the second day and choose a skinny tall girl with short dark hair. Turns out she was one of my favorites from the past who I had lunch with once and now speaks some English. I realized why I loved the gorgeous slender body of hers in a doggy style position. It was weird being able to communicate to her somewhat for the first time. Her performance was a little jaded by the fact that we knew each other and wasn't as good as it used to be (inside her. Acting a little too much on the size issue).. Thanks for the update. Have been waiting for this Assisted bathing place to open up since I came to Dalian. Is it the one just beside the Sweet art cake shop? But prices seem a bit high. Hope the service is good enough. And where is this Chinese Dance Hall that you mentioned? Where in Jiefang square? Reply With Quote 07-23-15 01:50 #746 Euphoria14 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 7 New Places Originally Posted by DaFeiJi  [View Original Post] Don't go to high skyline, the price is almost 1000 yuan, just for basic service. Jin Sha is just a basic rub and tug kind of place, as in you pay 219 yuan for a 2 hour massage and happy ending, but you have to ask for the happy ending! Have been going in and out of Dalian, so couldn't go exploring around the city. But finally got some free time last week and went to check the places that Dafeji mentioned. Thanks for the advice about High Skyline. Anyways, was out last Saturday with a Chinese friend at around 11 pm. Saw some street hookers around the intersection of gaoerji Road and Beijing st but dint approach. Finally went to the intersection of Gaoerji and Liansheng. That area is lined up with bath houses, at least 3-5 of them. There's the one that Dafeji mentioned and if you walk along gaoerji, there's a few more on your left. My friend saw something about FOOTJOB in of the led's. Place was small and decent enough, friendly people but only 4-5 girls, mostly in their 30's. Full service was charged 169+39 with massage. But my friend chose the girl who gives Foot job for 150 RMB. Maybe will check out the other place near Beijing and Changjiang this weekend. Reply With Quote 07-22-15 09:22 #745 Split View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 118 In town for a short visit. I noticed that the closed assisted bathing house near the Sweet Art cake shop spoken about in this thread a while ago has reopened in a dramatic way. I went there 2 days ago and the place is lush. Each room has a connected bathing Nuru massage mat and shower. This place went from a complete dive to probably the best looking place I've seen in Dalian. They increased prices too 499 RMB for 50 minutes (they first told me 40 minutes but changed it to 50). The next is something like 800 RMB for 70 minutes or so. The day I went there it seemed only 3 girls were working. One really skinny girl came by but I can see they were all trying to not be seen by the foreigner. I asked for that one but they said she had another customer and to wait. I asked to see the others and they brought out a girl I've seen at Mankind once (down the street). They said I could come back the next day to get the girl I wanted. When I returned, the story changes and she's not available. As nice as this place looked, and if I was going to spend that type of money I want the girl I saw earlier. They attempted to get me to take the other girls. Not worth it because I've had them somewhere else before a while back. Went to Mankind and had a wild #25 (Mandy? From Dandong) who was definately giving her all in performance and a striking girl at first glance. She got down and starting blowing me immediately after undressing and before getting on the bed. Great face and eyes. Came back to Mankind on the second day and choose a skinny tall girl with short dark hair. Turns out she was one of my favorites from the past who I had lunch with once and now speaks some English. I realized why I loved the gorgeous slender body of hers in a doggy style position. It was weird being able to communicate to her somewhat for the first time. Her performance was a little jaded by the fact that we knew each other and wasn't as good as it used to be (inside her. Acting a little too much on the size issue). But her oral was great and that pussy was superb looking and tasting. **Now the interesting story*. My Chinese friend takes me to that Chinese dance hall talked about somewhere (maybe here) at Jefang Square. You pay 20 RMB to get in and 20 RMB to dance with 1 girl for 1 song. Beers are 12 RMB. This place was PACKED with hotties. They literally do a double line-up (like a tunnel you have to walk through) with girls standing on both sides of you. All types. There must have been at least 300 women in that place and tons of stunners. I didn't last 2 minutes in that place without getting attacked by older women. You couldn't get them off your arm. Some were nice looking but I wanted to choose my own girls by myself. This harassing went on the entire night. However, nearly all girls are starring directly at you because you are the only foreigner in this place. They had all agaes from 17 to 55. Mostly between 20 to 35 years old. Tall, short, ultra petite, etc. I understand you can take some nearby for about 100 RMB or more. The average girls look in this place was at least 7. I had a fun time there and had known about it before but never bothered to go in alone. The place is in a dumpy neighborhood and usually has motorcycles outside the club. It can fit about 800 people or more and the placed was a full house of stunners in their by 8 pm on Tues. (sorry for the spelling errors, don't have time to check). Reply With Quote + Add Report Page 1 of 51 1 2 3 4 5 11 ... Last Jump to page: « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Posting Limitations You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is Off HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us International Sex Guide Archive Privacy Statement Top All times are GMT +1. The time now is 00:40. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Website owned by ISG Internet Sales EU UK Office: Unit 8, Watch Oak Business Centre, Chain Lane, Battle, East Sussex, TN33 0GB Copyright ©2000 - 2012 All Rights Reserved Please visit GTBill.com, our authorized sales agent for access to http://internationalsexguide.info To cancel a membership or for customer service, click here 2257 Compliance
http://www.internationalsexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?1897-Terms-and-Abbreviations-List|_|Register Help Remember Me? Front Page Forum Today's Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Site Leaders Who's Online What's New? Photo Gallery Abbreviations Advanced Search Forum Site Administration Terms and Abbreviations Terms and Abbreviations List If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Thread: Terms and Abbreviations List + Add Report Results 1 to 15 of 15 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… This forum thread is moderated by Admin 07-05-16 18:35 #15 Wolvenvacht View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 2325 Originally Posted by AngoChango  [View Original Post] I do not see it on the list, but I want to know the meaning behind this word. I notice its used when you have a girl who gave you bad service, contrary to GFE. Like "the girl advertised GFE but she was a total starfish", can someone elaborate? Legs wide, arms wide and her head, gives you a picture of a starfish. Attached Thumbnails     Reply With Quote 07-05-16 18:31 #14 Wolvenvacht View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 2325 Originally Posted by Sxyman  [View Original Post] Hi. What are the German terms Verkehrsberichte (VB) and Fess. ? I saw Fess in an ad as well as VB. I understand that VB means traffic report literally, but in terms of punting what does it refer to? Thanks. "Verkehr" is short for "Sexualverkehr" which simply means "sex". "Verkehrsberichte" therefore means "sex reports". I have no idea what "Fess" means. Perhaps if you could quote the whole add, the context will help us understand better. Reply With Quote 07-05-16 15:22 #13 Hanoveranian View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 42 Ao Originally Posted by EngineDriver  [View Original Post] Can someone please advise me what AO means in the context of an FKK club? AO is the abbreviation of "Alles ohne" (= all without) which can be translated as "bareback". Reply With Quote 07-22-15 18:00 #12 Sxyman View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 275 Terms Hi. What are the German terms Verkehrsberichte (VB) and Fess. ? I saw Fess in an ad as well as VB. I understand that VB means traffic report literally, but in terms of punting what does it refer to? Thanks. Reply With Quote 06-22-15 09:08 #11 Engine Driver View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 445 Ao Can someone please advise me what AO means in the context of an FKK club? Reply With Quote 06-22-15 09:07 #10 Engine Driver View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 445 Starfish Originally Posted by AngoChango  [View Original Post] I do not see it on the list, but I want to know the meaning behind this word. I notice its used when you have a girl who gave you bad service, contrary to GFE. Like "the girl advertised GFE but she was a total starfish", can someone elaborate? A girl who is completely unresponsive during sex and just lays there with no interest. That is, she lays there like a starfish in the sea, without moving. Reply With Quote 06-25-13 14:37 #9 AngoChango View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 28 Starfish I do not see it on the list, but I want to know the meaning behind this word. I notice its used when you have a girl who gave you bad service, contrary to GFE. Like "the girl advertised GFE but she was a total starfish", can someone elaborate? Reply With Quote 04-15-13 16:26 #8 BrettHiggins View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 1 Originally Posted by Admin  [View Original Post] $ $100. $$ $200. $$$ $300... Awesome list of abbreviations. You have covered everything I was looking for. Reply With Quote 09-12-12 07:21 #7 Brummbaer66 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 1 Originally Posted by Snow1998  [View Original Post] In Switzerland I find most of the clubs and studios advertise GV, NF. 69 etc. WHile I found GV in the list I couldn't find the meaning of NF. Google doesn't help either. NF stands for "Naturfranzoesisch" . I. E blow job without condom. Reply With Quote 08-22-12 17:23 #6 Snow1998 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 951 Gv, nf In Switzerland I find most of the clubs and studios advertise GV, NF. 69 etc. WHile I found GV in the list I couldn't find the meaning of NF. Google doesn't help either. Reply With Quote 04-21-12 07:48 #5 Kvaser View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 44 Could you guys please add these two abbreviations to the list? BB = Boom boom = Intercourse in Thai. BTB = Body to body (A massage technique where the masseuse uses her whole naked body as a tool when giving massage) Reply With Quote 03-03-12 05:41 #4 Alan Viol View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 3 Not a report, just a request Please include 'A Level' in the list of abbreviations. Reply With Quote 12-07-11 19:51 #3 Smilely View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 1 Originally Posted by Azertiefou  [View Original Post] I have a question. How do you nane the action of fuck very strong a girl? Because I don't fount in the list FOTC FUCK OF THE CENTURY. I have answered your question this will help it is strong. Reply With Quote 04-17-11 16:21 #2 Azertiefou View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 22 I have a question. How do you nane the action of fuck very strong a girl? Because I don't fount in the list Reply With Quote 03-24-05 00:19 #1 Admin View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Administrator Posts: 2651 Terms and Abbreviations List $ $100 $$ $200 $$$ $300 $$$.5 $350 (get it?) aamp apartment asian massage parlor. based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. aamp asian-american massage parlor. this is the politically correct acronym. aff adult friend finder (a popular usa dating website) aff asian friend finder (a popular asian dating website) agency a company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of providers. aircon bbbj + hacks (the mints sweet). scenario: when the maseuse ask,"want aircon?" n if yes, she pop one hacks sweet into her mouth and start blowing. amazon a tall, strong, often masculine woman. amp asian massage parlor analinus anal rimming (oral stimulation of anus) anal rimming oral stimulation of anus. anti-sex pervert these are the "real" perverts, the people who are against the concept of healthy men engaging in sex with willing female partners. ar anal rimming (oral stimulation of anus) around the world anilingus and fellatio. asian refers to anal rimming asian cowgirl girl on top, squatting. ar ass rim, anal rimming asap as soon as possible (not sex related) asp adult service provider asp alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup atf all time favorite atm ass to mouth aunt flo menstruation babyback petite, young, attractive asian. bait and switch person who shows up is a different one than advertised. baja sur genitals. from the spanish "the low south". balloons breast implants. bareback without condom. barracuda a professional prostitute who's only purpose is to separate you from your money as quickly as possible, preferably without giving you anything in return. batin (malaysia) groin massage, but sometimes means handjob. bbbj bare back blow job (oral sex without condom) bbbjtc bare back blow job to completion (oral sex to orgasm) bbbjtcws bare back blow job to completion with swallowing bbbjwf bare back blow job with facial bbfs bare back full service (sex) bbs barber shop bbw big beautiful woman bcd behind closed doors bdsm bondage, discipline, sado-masochism. beret a condom. beso negro anal rimming bf boy friend bfa big fat ass bfe boy friend experience bgr boy-girl-relationship birdwatching bbbjtcws bj blow job (oral sex on a man) bl body lick blackhole anus bls ball licking and sucking blue pill viagra blue steel viagra [CodeWord137] defecation on your partner. bs body slide. service where woman may slide her body on yours using oil. bs body scrub bsd big swinging dick bsw black street walker btw by the way butterface everything looks good, but her face call girl outcall provider, usually implies agency. cash and dash rob who takes the money and runs cbj covered blow job (oral sex with a condom) cc roman numeral for 200. roman numerals sometimes used for fees. (roman numeral converter) cc credit card cc rider full service provider costing $200 or less. ccl concentration camp look. cd cross-dresser: transvestite, a person, and especially a male who adopts the dress and often the behavior typical of the opposite sex especially for purposes of emotional or sexual gratification cds covered doggy style cff chinese friend finder (a popular dating website) cfm come fuck me, usually refer to the look of a person. cfs covered full service (sex with condom) cg call girls cg casino girls cg club girls ch crazy horse, sf strip club cheong hokkien word. originally means charge. used as going out for some happening stuff. chump a man who gives his money and/or his attention to women without getting any pussy in return. largely a phenomenon experienced by american men when dating american women. don't be a chump! cim cum in mouth civilian a woman who makes herself available for sexual encounters but not for financial gain. may be less discreet than a provider and more interested in a relationship. cis confederation of independent states (former soviet republics) ckt char koay teow (local chinese) cl craigslist, a popular classified ad website where escorts have been known to advertise and otherwise promote their availability. clockwatcher a term for a provider who counts the minutes until the session is over. cmd carpet matches drapes (typically a natural blonde) cmp chinese massage parlor cmt certified massage therapist. a professional masseuse. cob cum on breast cof cum on face coh cum on hard collar and cuffs match pubic hair matches natural hair-color (redheads, blondes) commercial company prostitution completion orgasm. e.g. she gave a bareback blowjob to completion. completo spanish for "complete", usually meaning with or including anal sex. cot cum on tits cover condom covered various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid diseases (as aids) transmitted by sexual contact. (e.g. covered blow job means a condom was used.) chhfs covered half hour full service. cowgirl cg, girl on top facing you. craigslist a popular classified ad website where escorts have been known to advertise and otherwise promote their availability. crime scene action sexual activity during her period. cruising looking for prostitutes while driving. cups of coffee releases dance and dash a rip-off. she shows up, takes your money, doesn't provide, might offer to "dance", and leaves. date a session with a prostitute. date a man who patronizes prostitutes. dato dining at the o, anilingus, oral stimulation of the anus daty dining at the y (performing oral sex on a woman) dde doesn't do extras (ps only) ddf drug and disease free ddg drop dead gorgeous ddp double digit penetration (pussy and anus) deep throat fellatio where the whole length of the penis is "swallowed". defender a poster who defends or "comes to the rescue" of a provider who has been reviewed poorly, regardless of whether the review is accurate. delta omega gamma dog. deposit a provider requires an upfront payment in advance of a session. dfe dead fish experience dff dead fish fuck dfk deep french kissing dia date in asia (a dating website) diy do it yourself (masturbation) doggie man behind girl, girl on hands and knees. doggie style man behind girl, girl on hands and knees. donation payment to a provider doubles a threesome with two girls and you dp double penetration dp digital penetration dr the dominican rebublic ds doggy style dsl dick sucking lips dt dining at the toes dt deep throat ecr el camino real ed zachary disease a woman with an unattractive face. ellie le, law enforcement ema extra-marital-affairs. affairs after marriage. emp european massage parlor (white girls) english spanking, etc. enhancements breast implants. envelope often cash payments for a provider are placed in an envelope. rather than handing her cash directly, or discussing money, the envelope is left in a conspicuous location for the provider to pick up as she leaves (outcall), or after the hobbyist leaves (incall). eom end of message escort a woman who is paid for her companionship. expats persons living in countries other than their own citizenship. generally refers to americans or europeans living in other countries. face painting man ejaculates on woman's face. facial cumming on partner's face fbsm full body sensual massage fff refers to the strategy of "find them, fuck them, forget them" fiv finger in vagina five-o a police officer (uniformed or undercover). fj foot job. stimulation of the penis using feet and toes. fj fuck job fk french kiss, french kissing fkk frei körper kultur (german brothel / nudist club) fl free lance flake, flaky errant behavior, often used for providers who no-show and/or have scheduling issues. fob fresh off the boat (asian immigrant recently arrived in the us) fobu fat-old-bald-ugly fotc fuck of the century fov finger outside vagina fr field report, fuck review french oral sex on either party. french kissing kissing on mouth with tongue contact french without oral sex without condom fs full service (complete sex) full meal deal full service, vaginal intercourse to completion. full service intercourse futb finger up the butt get comfortable get completely naked. gdp garota de program (working girl, on the program) gf girl friend gfe girl friend experience gf3 girl friend experience w/all three holes glove condom gnd girl next door rep002 [CodeWord112] on your partner, [CodeWord109] play. greek anal sex gro guest relations officer (the philippines) generally refers to women in the employ of night clubs and similar establishments. a polite reference to working girls. gs rep002 (urination play) gsm g-spot massage gv geschlechtsverkehr = intercourse (in german) half and half oral sex followed by intercourse. hardwood floors clean shaven pussy. hat condom hc health center hc high class he happy ending herb friendly is amenable to marijuana use. hhhj half hearted hand job. hidden charges a provider takes the advertised fee upfront, but midway through the session she asks for more money for more services. (e.g. she might undress and give a massage for the advertised $$, but then ask for an additional $ for french, or $$ for fs, etc.) hindu massage (argentina) the woman contracts her vaginal muscles during sex to squeeze you to completion. hj hand job hm high mileage hme honeymoon experience (lapdog heaven) hobby, the the patronizing of prostitutes. hobbyist a man who patronizes prostitutes. hooker prostitute. hostess club a lower end strip club where bargaining for sex acts with the dancers is acceptable, and some activities may occur on premises. hr hand release (a hand job) hsw hispanic street walker htuma her tongue up my ass = the famed rim job hwp height and weight proportionate imho in my humble opinion incall you meet the girl at their place. independent, indie an escort who works on her own, without an agency affiliation. the escort manages her own calls, bookings, advertising and finances. interpreter condom (e.g. she spoke french without the aid of an interpreter = bbbj) ipo initial public offering: used to denote the public introduction of a new provider, usually via a review. iso in search of italian penis rubbing between butt cheeks. jack shack refers to an establishment (massage parlor, lingerie modelling) that is not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and handjob, but more services might be available. jimmy hat a condom john a man who patronizes prostitutes. ktv karaoke tv lapdog person who worships providers to excess. l/a/s looks/attitude/service: a subjective ranking system. each criteria separately ranked, from lowest (1) to highest (10). examples: 2/9/8 = unnattractive, but very friendly and good sex. 10/5/4 = model material, but a poor attitude, and mediocre sex. landing strip description of pubic hair lbfm little brown fucking machine lc local chinese lcn latin chica network (the chica's mental telepathy network system, which is faster than any electronic network could ever be, although the data does experience major corruption issues during transmissions) le law enforcement leo law enforcement officer lfk light face kissing little blue helper viagra little blue pill viagra lk light kissing (closed mouth) lmp licensed massage practitioner lol laugh out loud los land of smiles (refers to thailand) lot lizards prostitutes who operate out of truck stops or other trucker hangouts. lsb lap sup bar (low class bar) lt long time (usually overnight) ltr long term relationship madame proprietress of an agency. mall, escort mall a website that advertises many different providers. the providers may be independent or agency, and may or may not be associated with each other, or with the mall. mamasan female manager of a massage parlor. man in a boat, little man in a boat clitoris mbr multiple bell ringing (msog) mediterranean anal sex e.g. "she took me on a trip to the mediterranean." merkin pubic hair wig. mg massage girl mib man in blue, law enforcement officer. mileage a subjective term that describes value for money and/or how accomodating she is. good mileage usually means she either charges less than average, provides better l/a/s than average, or both. milf mother i'd like to fuck. mish missionary position, man on top during intercourse missionary man on top, girl on back. mj massage job ml make love ml massage lady mmf, mfm, mff threesome designations. e.g. mmf = male, male, female mff = male, female, female. mohawk a thin rectangular strip of pubic hair. monger short for w h o r e monger. one who frequents prostitutes. see urbandictionary.com mp massage parlor mp multiple pops (multiple releases) mpa massage parlor attendant msog multiple shots on goal (multiple releases) multiple pops she allows you to have more than 1 orgasm during the session (e.g. more than one or multiple pops allowed) nasi lemak a local malaysian (for malaysia only) newbie a novice hobbyist or novice provider. ngo non-government organization ngp non genuine photos nl nasi lemak / a local malaysian (for malaysia only) nmg no-money guys. mongers who travel on a strict budget. nooner a lunch-time or afternoon session, popular with married hobbyists. no-show escort or client never shows up for an appointment, does not contact in advance to cancel or warn. no-touch no touching allowed. (e.g. no-touch jack shack, no-touch strip club) nqbc non-quitter, but covered. cbj to completion. nqbs non-quitter, but spitter. bbbjtc and spits your ejaculate. nqns non-quitter, non-spitter. bbbjtc and swallows your ejaculate. nsa no strings attached. o, os orgasm, orgasms. off-the-clock activities that occur with a provider that she chooses not to charge for. (e.g. "we had lunch off-the-clock") okp or-kui-poh - it means a female pimp in hokkien, a chinese dialect, but sometimes people use okp/okt to describe a supervisory person who will guide you in your selection of girls in a spa. okt or-kui-tao - it means a male pimp in hokkien, a chinese dialect, but sometimes people use okp/okt to describe a supervisory person who will guide you in your selection of girls in a spa. omfiamp one man's food is another man's posion, (pronounced "ohm-fam") ons one nightstand otoh on the other hand outcall the girl comes to your place. out, outed private, personal information on a hobbyist or provider is made public. e.g. someone's real name and address is posted to a public forum. ov oralverkehr = oral sex (in german) ovn overnight owo oral without a condom owotc oral without condom to completion p4p pay for play. refers to the concept of paying for sex. papasan male manager of a massage parlor. papaya farm mook kua yuen (cantonese) means ***** house party hat condom pcc pak chiu cheng, directly translated it means "fire hand gun", a hokkien term for masturbation pdmm pei du ma ma, prc study mama. mothers from commie china that are in singapore to supposedly look after their children who are studying in the country. however, many of them provide sexual services to earn some money on the side. pearl necklace man ejaculates on woman's neck and/or chest pff pussy for free (a non-existant fantasy) pimp a man who solicits clients for a prostitute. pinay a philippine girl. piv penis in vagina pl pathetic loser pm private message sent via the forum's private message service. po phone operator pof plenty of fish pooner a hobbyist who is immersed in the hobby culture. e.g. he may be very involved with the review boards and/or private exchange of information on providers and the hobby. pops, multiple she allows you to have more than 1 orgasm during the session (e.g. more than one or multiple pops allowed) pos pussy on the side prc women from the people's republic of china provider prostitute ps private show (dance) pse porn star experience punter british slang for a man who engages in sex with prostitutes. pv private viewing (dance) pw pussy wipped (a guy controlled by a girl because she gives him sex) r & t rub and tug (a massage followed by a hand job) ra relaxation assistant raincoat condom raw sex without condom rca reverse cowgirl anal req request - used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains a request for information. rev review - used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains review of a provider. reverse cowgirl girl on top facing away. reverse half and half intercourse followed by oral sex to completion. reverse massage you massage her. review a critical evaluation of a provider. may include information on her looks, attitude and service. reverse oral the client performs oral sex on the provider. rimming analingus rld red light district rmp russian massage parlor rob rip off b i t c h roflmao rolling on (the) floor laughing my ass off! roman an orgy situation. [CodeWord103] vomit play. rtf return to fuck rtff read the fucking forum russian penis between breasts russian in australia: short sex session, aka a "quickie" safe sexual activity in which various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid disease (as aids) transmitted by sexual contact. e.g. all activities were safe. san juan capistrano bbbjtc and she swallows. sandbag, sandbagger a subjective term for a review (or reviewer) that misleads the reader by giving unwarranted praise to a provider. sans without. e.g. she provided french sans beret = bbbj sc strip club rep001 defecation on your partner or [CodeWord113] play. screening a provider or agency does a pre-session background check on a new client. self-post a provider or agency poses as a hobbyist, and posts a highly positive review of herself or agency to increase business. self-service masturbation. e.g. "it was a self-service jack shack" = no contact with the dancer, but the man can masturbate. sensual massage not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and handjob, but more services might be available. session paid time spent with a provider. sex worker catch all phrase sometimes used to describe prostitutes. may also be used in the context of strippers, peep show workers, topless waitresses. sfh sex for hire. sg street girls shemale transexual, particularly one who is living as a woman, but hasn't had srs. penis may or may not get erect. shill an insider posing as a satisfied customer. shill a hobbyist who writes unwarranted positive reviews in exchange for discounts or special favors from an agency or provider. shots on goalshot on goal (one release) sixty nine, 69 partners perform oral sex on each other simultaeneously. slam, slammed an unwarranted harsh review or abusive criticism of a provider. so significant other sof shit on floor sog shot on goal (one release) sop stantard operating procedure soixante neuf 69: partners perform oral sex on each other simultaeneously. somf sat on my face sop standard operating procedure south of the border gential region southern france bbbj sp service provider spanish atm[/b][/blue] ass to mouth spanish in australia: penis between breasts spinner very petite, thin girl. squirting, squirter female ejaculation, a provider who ejaculates sr sky river (for malaysia only) srs sexual reassignment surgery st short time std sexually transmitted disease sting a female police officer poses as a prostitute to apprehend unsuspecting johns, or a male police officer poses as a john to apprehend unsuspecting prostitutes. str short term relationship street action prostitution that is solicited on public streets. prostitutes (usually on foot) are picked up by johns in motor vehicles. sexual acts may occur in the vehicle, or at another agreed upon location. stroll path frequented by street walkers. summer teeth her teeth, some are there, some are not. sunshine, sunny without a condom (i.e. no raincoat) sw street walker sw sex worker sybian a mechanical sex device that is in the shape of half-barrel with a dildo attachment mounted in the middle. syt sweet young thing take care of business payment is made to provider. e.g. "she wanted to take care of business first" tamp therapeutic asian massage parlor tcss talk cock sing song teabag man squats and dips balls in partner's mouth. tg transgender tgtbt too good to be true thj topless hand job throne job self-service hand job. refers to an establishment that doesn't offer fs. the premises will only have a large chair or "throne" for you to sit on and masturbate while the woman dances for you. tipping required hidden charges, provider demands more than the advertised price in order to perform, or bargains hard for various services. tj tijuana tll thai love links (a dating website) tln toda la noche ("all the night" in spanish) tob tug on balls toftt take one for the team. in reference to a new, non-reviewed provider. took one for the team a hobbyist reviews a provider who has no (or rep001tered) reviews. he was ripped off, or his experience was very poor. ostensibly, he has helped save other members of the community (the team) from making the same mistake. tos take out service tossing salad analingus tp tanning parlor or tanning place translation, translator condom i.e. "she spoke fluent french without a translator" = bbbj tri-f a devotee to the "find them, fuck them, forget them" strategy trick a sex act for money. trick a man who patronizes prostitutes. troll rude and hideous person trolling posting thinly disguised ads in a discussion forum. trolling the act of driving around looking for a prostitute. ts table shower ts transexual tta tight tan ass tuft description of pubic hair. tuma tongue up my ass turn tricks prostitution tv transvestite tvsw transvestite street walker two call system for incall locations. your first call is to set up the time and get the general directions on where to park. your second call is made when you arrive to get the specific address / room number. umbrella condom. uncovered without a condom. vfm value for money. wah from wahei: peaceful, harmonious and calm (japanese) wah wild ass humping [CodeWord118] urination play. weeklies alternative weekly newspapers. these often contain various adult service listings, including massage and escort advertisements. e.g. the village voice, san francisco bay guardian, the stranger. wf wild fuck wg working girl. a prostitute. white knight a poster who defends or "comes to the rescue" of a provider who has been reviewed poorly, regardless of whether the review is accurate. whor*monger one who habitually patronizes prostitutes. see urbandictionary.com with with condom (e.g. french with = cbj) without without condom. (e.g. french without = bbbj) wir would i repeat, would i return, would i recommend wl working lady woa word of advice working girl a prostitute. wsw white street walker wtf what the fuck? wysiwyg pronounced "wizzy wig". what you see is what you get. computer geek speek. xoxo kisses & hugs ymmv your mileage may vary (you could get different results) ymmv girl a provider who is known for being inconsistent in her attitude and service. i.e. gets hot and cold reviews. 1/2 and 1/2 half and half, oral sex + full service 411 seeking information. 420 4:20 aka marijuana 69 two people giving each other oral sex at the same time. -------------------------------------------------------- here are some additional "street language" references: http://www.urbandictionary.com http://onlineslangdictionary.com/browse/p http://www.slanguage.com/ http://www.englishdaily626.com/slang.php http://www.manythings.org/slang/ http://www.esl-lab.com/slang/slangrd2.htm http://www.schandlbooks.com/americanslang.html http://www.alphadictionary.com/slang/ http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/h2g2/a128143 http://www.amazon.com/dictionary-ame.../dp/006270107x australian slang http://www.koalanet.com.au/australian-slang.html british slang http://www.effingpot.com/slang.shtml american ghetto slang http://www.mrwiggles.biz/ghetto_slang.htm -------------------------------------------------------- regional abbreviations b = baltimore, md - brooklyn bcb = baltimore, md - brooklyn, curtis bay bkk = bangkok, thailand cb = baltimore, md - curtis bay cr = brooklyn il - collinsville road, a stroll area between washington park, east st. louis and brooklyn, illinois. it is also listed as 9th street on some signs, but all the locals know it as collinsville road. dp = nashville, tn - dickerson pike fh = baltimore, md - fairhaven fib = atlanta, ga - fulton industrial blvd fp = madrid, spain - flowers park at rosa de lima 2, las rozas jkt = jakarta, indonesia mbr = nashville, tn - murfreesboro rd ob = san diego, ca - ocean beach obt = orlando, fl - orange blossom trail pb = san diego, ca - pacific beach pch = san diego, ca - pacific coast highway pp = baltimore, md - patterson park pt = waikiki, hi - "pine tree", a relaxation business located at 835 keeaumoku street. -------------------------------------------------------- china city abbreviations cd = chengdu cp = changping cq = chongqing dg = dongguan gz = guangzhou hk = hongkong sh = shanghai sk = shekou sz = shenzhen zh = zhuhai zmt = zhangmutou -------------------------------------------------------- saigon, vietnam abbreviations dbl = dinh bo linh dbp = dien bien phu dk = dong khoi hbt = hai ba trung nkkn = nam ky khoi nghia npk = nguyen phi khanh ntmk = nguyen thi minh khai pmh = phu my hung (this is an area in district 7, not a street) xvnt = xo viet nghe tinh -------------------------------------------------------- german abbreviations a = adultbabies ao = alles ohne (kondom, auch gv) asa = analspiele aktiv asp = analspiele passiv ast = after-sex-talk (nachgespräch) av = analverkehr bade = badespiele bc = bordellcommunity begl = begleitung bi = bisexuell bifi = billigficker bond = bondage bss = bonner straßenstrich dom = dominant ds = dildospiele dt = deep throat dv = dolce vita, düsseldorf ec = eroscenter el = eierlecken erz = erziehung f = französisch fa = fingeranal faa = faustanal aktiv fap = fautanal passiv fe = fußerotik fee = für einsteiger empfehlenswert ff = faustfick oder fußfetisch fo = französisch ohne gummi foto = fotofreundlich fp = lecken frz = französisch fs = fesselspiele ft = französisch total (mundaufnahme mit/ohne schlucken) gb = gesichtsbesamung oder gang bang gf6 = girlfriendsex (sex wie mit der eigenen freundin) gv = geschlechtsverkehr he = handentspannung hg = heavensgate, dorsten hh = hausbesuche hm = hodenmassage hp = homepage ir = illusionsrealisation kb = körperbesamung kfi = keine finanziellen interessen (wer´s glaubt... ) kss = kölner straßenstrich kv = kaviar lul = lack & leder miller = tittenfick muf = muschifingern ns = natursekt nsa = ns aktiv nsma = ns mit aufnahme nsp = ns passiv öm = ölmassage ov = oralverkehr ow = oberweite phg = planet happy garden pst = pre-sex-talk (vorgespräch) pt = partytreff, manchmal auch partnertausch reise = urlaubsbegleitung ro = readonly (=nurleser) rs = rollenspiele rtc = rote-teppich-clubs, ruhrgebiet sm = sado/maso spa = spanisch spzk = spezial oder sperma zk ss = spucke ss = straßenstrich strip = striptease süd = samenüberdruck ta = topact telesex = telefonsex tf = tittenfick ts = transsexuelle vb = verkehrsberichte verbal = verbalerotik za = zungenanal zk = zungenküsse master copy - revised 01-26-10 Last edited by Admin; 01-27-10 at 00:49. Reply With Quote + Add Report « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Posting Limitations You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is Off HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us International Sex Guide Archive Privacy Statement Top All times are GMT +1. The time now is 00:40. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Website owned by ISG Internet Sales EU UK Office: Unit 8, Watch Oak Business Centre, Chain Lane, Battle, East Sussex, TN33 0GB Copyright ©2000 - 2012 All Rights Reserved Please visit GTBill.com, our authorized sales agent for access to http://internationalsexguide.info To cancel a membership or for customer service, click here 2257 Compliance
http://www.internationalsexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?385-Montreal|_|Register Help Remember Me? Front Page Forum Today's Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Site Leaders Who's Online What's New? Photo Gallery Abbreviations Advanced Search Forum Canada Quebec Montreal If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Thread: Montreal + Add Report Page 1 of 132 1 2 3 4 5 11 51 101 ... Last Jump to page: Results 1 to 15 of 1977 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… This forum thread is moderated by Admin 09-30-16 20:23 #1977 Lalabo View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 157 Originally Posted by Gardelito  [View Original Post] Did you have a difficult time booking with Euphoria? Were you able to book your first choices? XO is a good option to consider. I exclusively used Euphoria during couple of my previous trips. For a visitor sometimes same day booking is not very convenient. So I tried XO recently and I am happy with them. They do have strong lineup and accept advance booking. I tried Alissa and Emma, both were great. Reply With Quote 09-30-16 19:22 #1976 Bruno68 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 32 Your best bet in getting the girl you want at euphoria (and to a lesser extent at other agencies) is to ask them for their lineup the night before. Euphoria knows their lineup for the next day by midnight, so you can text and ask. Reply With Quote 09-28-16 04:39 #1975 Gardelito View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 11 Originally Posted by TreadingWater  [View Original Post] I saw Kayla last Saturday. I couldn't post until I go back because the St. Sulpice blocks this site on their WiFi. I would give her high marks, but not as high as Sarah who I saw the night before. I could be she just was less my style. She is a smoker so that bothered me a little, and she had these crazy eyelashes on. Longest false eyelashes I've ever seen. It made her look a little trashy, which was kind of interesting but again not really my style. She is very young and cute with a spinner body and the most perfect butt you could hope to find. At least perfect to my taste. She was very friendly and easy to be with. Her English is a little weak, but she tries and we were able to communicate well enough. The BBBJ and sex were a little. Perfunctory. Thanks for the review. Did you have a difficult time booking with Euphoria? Were you able to book your first choices? Reply With Quote 09-23-16 06:24 #1974 Treading Water View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 13 Kayla at Euphoria I saw Kayla last Saturday. I couldn't post until I go back because the St. Sulpice blocks this site on their WiFi. I would give her high marks, but not as high as Sarah who I saw the night before. I could be she just was less my style. She is a smoker so that bothered me a little, and she had these crazy eyelashes on. Longest false eyelashes I've ever seen. It made her look a little trashy, which was kind of interesting but again not really my style. She is very young and cute with a spinner body and the most perfect butt you could hope to find. At least perfect to my taste. She was very friendly and easy to be with. Her English is a little weak, but she tries and we were able to communicate well enough. The BBBJ and sex were a little. Perfunctory. Reply With Quote 09-20-16 03:14 #1973 Mongerer88 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 332 Originally Posted by Smuler  [View Original Post] I met Jasmine socially, not sexually. She is a sweet girl who has a filthy mind sexually. Quite a shock to put the 2 parts of them together. Word is that Vanessa now works at Wild Times, where I think your other girlfriend is? Best Regards. Smuler. Yep, saw Darla at Wildtimes on the last trip to Montreal. Darla is my all-time favorite in Montreal but she is not working as often as in the past. Jimmy at Wildtimes is great to book with and he has been adding great talent recently. He is always friendly and professional and he doesn't mind a call about booking in advance. A lot of Montreal agencies let a customer know that they don't know what the schedule will be until it is posted, so quit asking. Jimmy is not like that, and a customer gets the feeling he will ask a girl if she would consider working on a future date if she is requested in advance. It is my understanding that Jasmine is trying something interesting in that she hopes to have girls who work for other agencies, and girls who work as independents, do sessions at her Unicorn agency when a threesome or fetish session is desired. Not sure how well that will go over with the other agencies, but hopefully it will work. Consequently, Vanessa still seems to be listed on the Unicorn agency website even though she is doing more traditional escort work at Wildtimes. Of course, a person can just book Jasmine herself for the session, or if he wants a threesome, Jasmine can choose a girl. She offered me some choices after Vanessa could not make it that night, but I decided to just see Jasmine. I am not as into threesomes as most guys are. Reply With Quote 09-19-16 23:29 #1972 Smuler View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 373 Originally Posted by Mongerer88  [View Original Post] Here is another me to add to the list of ladies to see. Jasmine. http://montrealunicornhealers.com/profile-a/ but the doubles partner Vanressa that interested me was not available, so I did the non-doubles session. I met Jasmine socially, not sexually. She is a sweet girl who has a filthy mind sexually. Quite a shock to put the 2 parts of them together. Word is that Vanessa now works at Wild Times, where I think your other girlfriend is? Best Regards. Smuler. Reply With Quote 09-19-16 03:16 #1971 Mongerer88 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 332 Jasmine the Unicorn Here is another me to add to the list of ladies to see. Jasmine. http://montrealunicornhealers.com/profile-a/ She is the owner of the agency, but is also the primary provider. It is a unique agency in that the session is either a threesome and / or the customer selects a fetish (or more than one fetish) as part of the session. Jasmine is very versatile, as she loves to get spanked, give spankings, medical play, etc. Very open minded, so finding a fetish activity that she likes is not a problem. Jasmine has a cute face. Not cover girl model face, but cute. Body to me was perfect. Small natural breasts, but enough to suck on. Very athletic body with the perfect "I dream of Jeanie ponytail". No restricions at all. Every possible acronym applies, including Greek and anal play, which is pretty standard for girls who love being submissives. Loves toys and she even squirts. I saw her for an hour and a half, and I was completely drained at the end of the multiple cum session. The BJ was BBBJ. I didn't come in her mouth, but I think that would have been fine. She is very smart and interesting, so the time with her is quite intellectually enjoyable, which is surprising given that she looks like she is just in her mid 20s. More expensive than most (I paid $450 Canadian for 1.5 hours and the quoted one-hour price was $300) but she can make any fantasy come true. She loves 2 hour threesomes and she does some relative discounting there, but the doubles partner Vanressa that interested me was not available, so I did the non-doubles session. Reply With Quote 09-18-16 17:49 #1970 Mongerer88 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 332 Originally Posted by Manny51  [View Original Post] Sorry to post this question here, but the QC thread looks dead. I wanted to spend a long weekend in eastern Canada and have some fun, but I have been to Montreal many times. Are there any good, reliable, quality escort services in Quebec City? Anything like a Euphoria? I know that you won't have quite the selection as in Montreal, but are there any? I just think its curious as to why there is SO much action in Montreal, but none in QC. Some country and province. Similar regional culture and laws. I don't get it. Look at it from the girls' perspective. Quebec City is a charming place geared toward tourism for middle aged and older folks. Montreal is a happening party town where the hot girls from all those little villages can go to college and have fun, or find low-paying service jobs, supplement those low-paying jobs with escort work, and have fun. I think most younger chicks find the thought of life in Quebec City to be boring. That having been said, it does appear possible to get laid there, although there is not the same level of choice as Montreal. Join www.merb.cc (merb dot CC if what I just posted gets censored) and read the threads on Quebec City reviews. You have to fully join to read the reviews, but it is free to join. Those posts are almost entirely in French, so open the site using Google Chrome to translate from French to English. Reply With Quote 09-18-16 17:31 #1969 Smuler View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 373 Originally Posted by Manny51  [View Original Post] Are there any good, reliable, quality escort services in Quebec City? Do you speak French? Best Regards. Smuler. Reply With Quote 09-18-16 16:13 #1968 Manny51 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 867 Sorry to post this question here, but the QC thread looks dead. I wanted to spend a long weekend in eastern Canada and have some fun, but I have been to Montreal many times. Are there any good, reliable, quality escort services in Quebec City? Anything like a Euphoria? I know that you won't have quite the selection as in Montreal, but are there any? I just think its curious as to why there is SO much action in Montreal, but none in QC. Some country and province. Similar regional culture and laws. I don't get it. Reply With Quote 09-18-16 12:38 #1967 Treading Water View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 13 Sarah at Euphoria I saw Sarah on Friday night. I recommend her highly. Very clean and cute young Québeécois. The website said she didn't speak English but she actually did speak it pretty well, better than other girls I've seen who claimed English skills. Very friendly but not into kissing much. Started with all other aspects were great. Nice BBBJ, DATY smooth as silk, great CFS in many nice positions. Reply With Quote 09-18-16 06:14 #1966 KC Questor View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 185 Originally Posted by Tiradentes  [View Original Post] Screening? What is screening? This is Montreal, my friend, not the US. You just call. Order. Then wait for the knock on your door. No games. Same for incall. It is a 2 call system. And I found on my trip that they prefer texting for follow ups. But yeah, just call them and they send you a girl. Paradise. Reply With Quote 09-17-16 15:19 #1965 Tiradentes View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 225 Originally Posted by ShklarSky  [View Original Post] Could anyone please advise me as to the agency screening process. Do you need references from other providers? Do you need job verification? Do you need to present an ID or be verified by 411? Or do you just call and order? Is the screening different for incall vs. Outcall? Screening? What is screening? This is Montreal, my friend, not the US. You just call. Order. Then wait for the knock on your door. No games. Same for incall. It is a 2 call system. Reply With Quote 09-17-16 07:36 #1964 ShklarSky View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 9 Screening Could anyone please advise me as to the agency screening process. Do you need references from other providers? Do you need job verification? Do you need to present an ID or be verified by 411? Or do you just call and order? Is the screening different for incall vs. Outcall? Reply With Quote 09-13-16 20:29 #1963 Bruno68 View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Senior Member Posts: 32 Originally Posted by TreadingWater  [View Original Post] I'm headed to Montreal for three blissful nights later in Sept. I've been reading up and it looks like I'm in for a real treat. I know it's been said that all the hotels are girl friendly. If anybody has stayed at LE St Sulpice, I would appreciate any info that might be specific to that hotel. Definitely going to use an escort agency, the selections look amazing. The only hotels I would have any concerns about would be small boutique hotels. I don't know st supine at all. All of the chain hotels do not care in the slightest. Reply With Quote + Add Report Page 1 of 132 1 2 3 4 5 11 51 101 ... Last Jump to page: « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Posting Limitations You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is Off HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us International Sex Guide Archive Privacy Statement Top All times are GMT +1. The time now is 00:40. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Website owned by ISG Internet Sales EU UK Office: Unit 8, Watch Oak Business Centre, Chain Lane, Battle, East Sussex, TN33 0GB Copyright ©2000 - 2012 All Rights Reserved Please visit GTBill.com, our authorized sales agent for access to http://internationalsexguide.info To cancel a membership or for customer service, click here 2257 Compliance
http://www.stormspeaks.com/p/blog-page.html|_|Chat now! music SCM player skins GET A GREAT WEBSITE TODAY CLICK HERE WANT AND NEED A GREAT WEBSITE LOOK HERE! WEBDESIGN CLICK HERE TO AVOID POLICE ARREST PLEASE READ GREAT INFO TO KNOW Hello USASEXGUIDE men! I saw when the link to this was posted about a week ago. To the men who read it AND learned something great! You well mannered guys should use the CHAT LIVE option and say hello :) **************************************************************************************************************** ************************************************************************************************************ ************************************************************************************************ THE FOLLOWING ARTICLE IS NOT ABOUT ME.....BE SURE TO READ IT AND REALLY UNDERSTAND IT .. ITS GOOD INFORMATION FOR BOTH CLIENTS AND ESCORTS... ITS NOT MY STORY HOWEVER.. I AM NOT A COP I COULD NEVER BE ONE .....LOL BAD CREDIT AND A CRIMINAL (MISDEMEANOR)RECORD...BUT I FOUND THIS ARTICLE BY ACCIDENT IN ARGUING WITH BACKPAGE ABOUT SOME BS REGARDING MY AD AND THOUGHT ID PASS THIS VALUABLE ARTICLE ALONG!**** I AGREE WITH ALL I READ HERE EXCEPT IN MY YEARS OF BEING AN ESCORT AS AN ESCORT YOU ARE 80 PERCENT MORE LIKELY TO GET BUSTED ON AN OUTCALL. THEY WANT US TO COME TO THEM BECAUSE THEY HAVE ALL THE EQUIPMENT SET UP AND ALSO BECAUSE THEY CAN CONTROL THE SITUATION BETTER.. MEN FOR YOU GOING TO HOTEL INCALLS UNLESS YOU HAVE THROUGHLY RESEARCHED A GIRL IS A HORRIBLE IDEA.. ONCE AGAIN THEY LOVE USING HOTELS FOR STINGS.. AN INCALL AT A HOME IS MUCH SAFER! General Strike to end Corruption Stop calling your Congressmen. They don't listen! Shut It Down About From Contributors Modern Man Search for: (How to) Beat Backpage Prostitution Police Stings (for Dummies) UPDATE: Anyone interested in participating in a “Reverse sting” on the police? This article has been REVISED, see it here- (How to) Beat Backpage Prostitution Police Stings (for Dummies) And- (How to) Avoid Undercover Cops (in escort stings) By Christopher Rice Tewksbury, Ma. at the public library, an undercover detective arrested a homeless man who had allegedly placed an ad on Craigslist offering to perform sexual acts for a fee. Prostitution stings and reverse stings are occurring across the country, here’s how to beat them and why their happening… WHY ALL THE STINGS The Backpage crackdown coincides with Washington State attorney general Rob McKenna is this year’s president of the National Association of Attorneys General (NAAG). McKenna’s presidential initiative is combatting human trafficking by arresting “escorts” prostitutes and their clients and by raising public awareness of the issue and reducing demand. To learn more about this initiative see the NAAG website Pillars of Hope: Attorneys General United Against Human Trafficking. In 2010 nearly two dozen attorneys general asked that the adult services site be taken down. Here is an excerpt from McKenna’s Washington State AG website; “Traffickers who exploit runaways and other disadvantaged kids shouldn’t be provided with a powerful online clearinghouse. The only way for Backpage.com to completely stop child sex trafficking on its site is to take down adult services advertisements altogether and take aggressive steps to be sure such ads don’t surface elsewhere on the site.” Village Voice board member Don Moon acknowledged prostitution ads appear on the Web site. And in a June 29, [2011] article published nationally by the Village Voice, the corporation criticized those attempting to stop trafficking as “prohibitionists bent on ending the world’s oldest profession.” Backpage.com, is owned by Village Voice Media, LLC. Moon, a former prosecutor now on the Village Voice Media board, has worked with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. Backpage took over a large share of the human trafficking that Craigslist became famous for prior to the AG’s crackdown on that site. Backpage.com has developed a strong cooperative relationship with state and federal law enforcers around the country assisting with sting operations, promptly responding to subpoenas, and otherwise aiding in the prosecution of those who use their site.” WHAT ARE REVERSE STINGS Such stings are periodic and usually result in 15 to 30 would-be johns under arrest. Teams of about three to four officers target areas where police have fielded complaints about street prostitution. “We get complaints from people reporting prostitutes and johns having sex in cars, leaving condoms on the street,” Lt. Derrick Wood, commander of Philadelphia’s Vice Unit, told General Strike to end Corruption (GS). “We target areas based on what we see and what the people tell us.” Undercover officers also use the website Backpage.com to post and view advertisements for escort services. A man agrees to pay ($100) to have sex with a woman he thinks is a prostitute. After the money changes hands, officers enter the room and arrest him. “We have a strict set of guidelines to go by in order to make an arrest,” according to Oconee County Sheriff Scott Berry. “There has to be an offering of money or something of value for a sex act.” “We use surveillance for the protection of the undercover deputy — and evidence is gathered in the recordings of the conversations and the payment of money for a specific sex act,” sheriff Berry told GS. It is possible to detect, track and locate police officers (hidden or otherwise) by using their own radios and mobile data terminals (MDT) as locater beacons. As an example, say the input frequencies to a particular Motorola 800 MHz trunked radio system used by your local corrupt police department are 811.2125, 811.7375, 812.2125, 813.2125, 814.2125 and 815.2125 MHz, with the MDT input frequency at 815.7375 MHz (all data is taken from public FCC records). Police vehicles equipped with Mobile Data Terminals are always broadcasting on the MDT repeater input frequency. This is because they need to send acknowledgements (ACKs) when they receive data. By monitoring the MDT repeater input frequency, you can be alerted to the presence of a hidden or approaching police vehicle. The closer they are, the stronger the signal will be. If you ever hear encrypted voice transmissions (a static burst followed by a beep) on the repeater input frequencies – RUN! Tools Electronic Warfare Online Interactive Calculators VHF/UHF Free Space Loss / Approximate Received Power Level Calculator (Perl) Law enforcement agents can, as part of their job, lie and engage in criminal activity. It seems unreal that the police don’t have to live up to the same standards that they’re enforcing. However, a great deal of police investigation operates on the basis that the end justifies the means—a flawed rationale, particularly in the context of maintaining a just legal system. Pleading guilty to patronizing a prostitute you face up to a $600 fine, up to 36 months of probation, or jail time, and must enroll in an AIDS Education Program. Prostitution (or solicitation) is a misdemeanor. For a first offense, they usually cite and release but potential penalties include up to six (6) months in county jail, a fine of up to one thousand dollars ($1,000), or both. HOW REVERSE STINGS WORK Officers post advertisements on Backpage.com. The john calls the number listed in the ad and sets up an appointment at a local hotel. Once the john enters the room, confirms they are looking for a “sexual transaction,” and pays the officer who is posing as the prostitute, the john is arrested. Undercover pigs pose as prostitutes on the street as well. z_prostitution_teens002 HOW TO AVOID GETTING CAUGHT UP IN A STING DOs and DONT’s ONLINE 1. Never talk about trading money for sex over the phone or in person. Never talk about anything explicit in exchange for money. Its for time/company or massage only, that’s all that should be said. 2. Use client verification service like Room Service 2000, Preferred411, or Datecheck, http://www.worldsexguide.org is your friend. 3. Get to know your provider/client- talk over a cup of coffee, undercover pigs will not do this, they don’t have the time. 4. Never walk into a room that you do not know who is the tenant or owner. You must witness the room registration. If you can’t do this, check all of the rooms before any transaction takes place, if it is a sting one of the rooms will be full of pigs. Sting ads never, ever offer outcall. Reason being cops are not going to waste their time doing outcall. 5. Do a search of the phone number being used. If the Google search comes back with no previous ads, then it’s a good chance that the girl is fake. If the search does come back with results showing other ads, make sure the pictures of the girl and her name match up. If you only find results for one city, but you’ve never seen the girl posting before, she may be the police. 6. That’s when you need to check to see if the pictures are real, or stolen from somewhere else. Do a tineye.com reverse image search for the photos used in the ad. 7. That’s if you can’t find any reviews. If you can find reviews for the girl, you are more than likely good to go. 8. One last step to use to make sure it is not a sting ad- stake out the motel once you find out which motel the girl is at. Call the bitch back and say you want to meet later. Then drive to the motel and sit a few hundred yards away and watch. If it is a sting then they will call a car to transport the “johns” to get booked once they have arrested a couple guys. Been busted by Vice, we want to hear/publish your story. Send to nayomirice@ymail.com It is not just Backpage it is CraigsList, myRedBook, Cityvibe & Eros. Ads, websites, reviews help them locate, contact and build their cases to convict us. A few years ago, there was a ton of political grandstanding against Craigslist, because there was some prostitution on the site. As we noted at the time, it was pretty misguided. Craigslist cooperated with law enforcement and many law enforcement officials realized that Craigslist was an excellent tool to help them find and arrest law breakers. Going after Craigslist instead of the actual law breakers would mean that the activity would just move somewhere else. Indeed, Craigslist finally caved to tons of public pressure and blocked any ad that might be related to prostitution, and it did nothing to stop prostitution or human trafficking. It just moved elsewhere. The same crowd that wrongfully targeted Craigslist then shifted all of their attention to Backpage.com. Even though the law has made it clear that Backpage, as a third party service provider is not liable, the grandstanding continues against Backpage. The whole thing has gotten to be so much, that Backpage’s owners, Village Voice Media, have sold off the newspapers to separate them out from the site, and to avoid having the two properties connected. CRUEL and UNUSUAL PUNISHMENTS I received an e-mail from someone named “Patricia”, who asked me to publish her story. Here it is, unedited: I hope this might help some to get an idea of what they might get themselves into, or make them realize the importance of being extremely careful about screening your clients and knowing the surroundings where you will provide services, so as to not make your case worse. Recently, I was arrested in an escort prostitution sting. I have been doing research on-line to see if I can help my case and I found this website. I decided to share my story so if there are females working as an escort or contemplating doing it, they may know what they are up against. I am 20 year old college student in the Upstate, NY. I been escorting for about a year. I thought I knew the ropes, the likelihood of getting busted was very low, I knew what to do and, if I got busted, it was unlikely to cause me problems. Was I ever wrong! I have put ads on the Backpage website for escorting. I got an email and accepted a client and I was to meet him at a major hotel. I drove to the hotel and went to the room. I walked in, looked around and everything seemed in order. We started a little small talk and neither of us was going to get to the point right away. I decided to break the ice by saying “I’ll show you mine, if you show me yours” as I have done in the past. The man dropped his pants and he had an erection and I raised my skirt and dropped my panties. I touch his penis and he touch my vagina. This has been my modus operandi when I go out escorting. He told me he wanted to have intercourse with me. I told him it would be $300 and I supply the condom. I always use the best. He gave me the money and I gave him the condom. Both of us got undressed. He asked me to lay on the bed and start by masturbating because he liked to watch that. So, I laid on the bed and started to masturbate. This went on for several minutes and, at the time, I was enjoying entertaining him. Then all of a sudden, three men from the adjoining room came in and said, “your under arrested for prostitution.” I was immediately handcuffed and I was told to stand there. The police searched my clothes and purse while one of the cops took pictures of me nude while I was handcuffed. After they were finished, they uncuffed me, allowed me to dress, recuffed me and led me out of the hotel into a police car and took me to the police station. At the police station, I was booked and then they informed me of the charges. They charged me with two felonies. Felony prostitution because they set the sting up within a mile of a school and use of a computer during commission of a crime. They told me they were going to seize my car and computer because they were used in the commission of a crime. I chose not to answer any question and they release me on bail. My roommate bailed me out. The worse was yet to come. The next day the story was in the local papers, on the local television news and on their websites with all the details of my arrest and my picture. I was publically humilated! I hired an attorney for $2000 and, if it went to trial, it would be another $5000. He felt he could get the charges reduced by the District Attorney to a misdemenor since I had no police record. He said, if I pled guilty to the misdemenor, I would probably get a $500 fine,get 5 days in jail and would get my record expunge in a year if I stayed out of trouble. My attorney and I met with the District Attorney’s office and we were shocked by what happened next.. They said they would drop the use of a computer during commission of a crime charge, which carried up to 5 years in prison, if I pled guilty to the felony prostitution and they would recommend a 3 to 6 month sentance in the county jail. My attorney argued with them about the harshness of their position considering I had no priors. The District Attorney’s office said that they were going to make an example out of me and the 2 other girls they arrested that day because the hotels were complaining about prostitution. If I chose not to accept the deal, they would prosecute me for both felonies and if convicted, I could get 7 years in state prison for both charges. What happen next both shocked my attorney and myself. They had a hidden video camera in the room and told us they would show the video of me undressing and masturbating along with the pictures taken by the police at trial. They told me that any evidence presented at trail is a public record and after the trial anyone could get a copy of the video and pictures.. My attorney says at preliminary hearing, he will ask the judge to reduce the charges to a misdemenor, but it is unlikely that he will successful and that I will have to decide to take the offer or risk jury trial. He told me with evidence they have, it was highly likely I would be convicted. This is what I am up against. So be warned! General Strike to end Corruption HAS MOVED, you can find us HERE- http://generalstrikeusa.blogspot.com/ . Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest No comments: Post a Comment please note any rude, crazy comments directed to this blog will AUTOMATICALLY remove you as well as get you blacklisted. Comments are open for those wishing to engage in an intelligent worthwhile conversation not for any of you to bash me, the business, or any other provider IF THAT HAPPENS I will close comments down again! Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Search This Blog Loading... Featured Post Help me to finish my Classes and Move forward! Read inside for details (TUITION NEEDED) Happy Labor Day Weekend! I hope all of you are doing well. I am using my blog platform to reach out and hopefully aquire some assistance... POWr Poll In Honor Of Prince So missed WATCH ME ON PERISCOPE @supergirlstorm Pic Taken April 14th 2016 Click here to send Storm a Gift Card NEWS ARTICLES OF INTEREST Gigolos Tv show Link (cool show) THEY ARE CHARGING MEN FOR WRITING REVIEWS(COPS) Man rapes and Kills 1 yr old Folks Alert Contact Form Name Email * Message * Click Yahoo to join my mailing list and my group Pages Home RENT DRIVE !!! READ TO HELP! PLEASE CLICK HERE TO SCREEN/BOOK BANNERS AND LINKS TO ALL IMPORTANT ARTICLES MY SCHEDULE PLEASE STICK TO IT THANK YOU. INFO FOR ALL E-GIFT CARDS FOR STORM FAQ WITH STORM EVERYTHING YOU COULD WANT TO KNOW ABOUT ME! Storm's Bad Client Reviews Escort Services For Gainesville Georgia Men Read D... NEW RULES FOR BLACK CLIENTS (REQUIREMENTS TO MEET)(RULES NEAR BOTTOM OF THIS POSTING) ABOUT BBW HIGH END COMPANIONS Good morning men! ( A few helpful hints ) Oh and my hours are posted in the column on right side of page wink wink! Helpful Reading for New Escorts or ladies considering Becoming Escorts! SCREENSHOTS OF SOME OF MY REVIEWS. .ENJOY!!!! NOVEMBER 25 2015 GUIDE OF WHAT NOT TO SAY TO STORM OR ANY PROVIDER ONLINE BUSTS WITH FAKE ESCORT ADS BEING DONE PLEASE READ! FRAUDULENTLY MISPAYING AN ESCORT ON PURPOSE OR DOING A CHARGE BACK IS 'RAPE" DONT BE THAT CLIENT!! LINK TO MY REVIEWS PROSTATE MASSAGE AND PEGGING READ!( PROSTATE SITE www.prostatepleasures.com) RACIST AND MISOGYNISTIC FORUM. EXPOSED !! MY WEBSITE REGARDING THE EROTIC REVIEW SITE! AND USASEXGUIDE Jackson Marshall (real last name BOND) AT USASEXSGUIDE REASONS WHY YOU MAY GET BLACKLISTED AND SCREENING INFO BLACKLISTED NUMBERS! (SEE BLACKLISTED NUMBERS 2 FOR UPDATES!! TAB NEXT TO THIS ONE) WEBDESIGN OFFER FOR OTHER PROVIDERS! MY RESPONSE TO THE ANGER OF ANOTHER PROVIDER :) CLICK HERE TO SCREEN PROTECT YOURSELF FROM ARREST NEW JUNE 2015 GREEK MENU GREEK MENU WORD OF WARNING TO LADIES URGENT IMPORTANT SKIPTHEGAMES BLACKLISTED NUMBERS PART 2 ( something appears to be wrong with my ability to edit current BL page so heres PART 2) beginner clients READ THIS MY FLICKR PICS PHOTOS FOR MY BLOG READERS NEW PICS COMING SOON!!!!!*! RATES AND RULES PLEASE READ BEFORE YOU BOOK A GIRL TO AVOID POLICE ARREST PLEASE READ GREAT INFO TO KNOW Discrimination by Photographers Against Sex Worker... The Story of My Arrest in 2011 END USA SEX GUIDE CLICK HERE END USA SEX GUIDE Follow me on Twitter Follow @supergirlstorm SIGN THE PETITION please sign the petition SIGN THE PETITION please sign the petition HELP SAVE ADULT AD SITES SIGN THE PETITION https://www.change.org/p/attorney-general-maura-healy-stop-trying-to-attack-backpage-and-other-adult-platforms?recruiter=338990075&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink Twitter Tweets by @supergirlstorm GIFTS ID LOVE TO RECIEVE I love certain things.. I am a little picky so.. heres a list of items that I will accept in BARTER for appointments. I LOVE ALL THINGS TORY BURCH. dress size on this site is extra large ( WHICH IS REGULAR MISSES SIZE 14) LOVE TORY BURCH WEDGES AND HEELS AND my feet area size 6 and a half can wear certain 7s also love nine west shoes, guess shoes, gucci shoes purses I love just about any kind of large but fancy and beautifully colored leather bucket purses OMG CELLS PHONES AND TABLETS ARE MY FAVORITE I love techie items.. I LIKE PHABLETS I HATE LITTLE REGULAR SIZED PHONES.. they arent for me..lol so any phone 6 inches and up and unlocked for use on ANY sim card network is acceptable and I WOULD LOVE A 10 INCH samsung tablet GIFT CARDS 50 AND UP PLEASE and ALWAYS SEEKING FURNITURE! WINES i love wines and the following drinks, ciroc, patron, 1800, red wines, yagermeister, etc I DONT SMOKE 420 PERSONALLY BUT I ALLOW 420 IN AMOUNTS OF 50 AN UP AS I SIMPLY GIVE IT TO A FAMILY MEMBER WHO TAKES IS FOR MEDICIMAL PURPOSES.. YES REALLY! MY AMAZON WISHLIST MY AMAZON WISHLIST PLEASE CLICK HERE LEARN HOW TO PROTECT YOURSELF FROM ARREST! CLICK HERE NOW!!! FOOT BLOG CLICK THIS TO GO TO OTHER IMPORTANT SITES ON ME my Webpage MY MAIN SITE please go to this following blog link for items I need for my new place and other important info my Webpage MY WEBSITES my Webpage STOP READ AND AGREE TO TERMS OF BLOG HELLO DEAR CLIENT/CUSTOMER PLEASE TAKE A FEW MOMENTS TO READ OVER THESE MATERIALS. YOU MUST WITH YOUR REAL NAME AND ID ADHERE TO THESE TERMS . **I AM NOT A PROSTITUTE. I AM NOT ACCEPTING MONEY FOR SEXUAL ACTIVITIES** I AM A LEGAL ESCORT AND I CAN ONLY ACCEPT MONEY FOR TIME AND COMPANIONSHIP SHARING. I DO OFFER BODY RUBS BUT I AM NOT A LICENSED MASSEUSE. PLEASE READ THIS CONTRACT AND SIGN ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE WITH YOUR REAL LEGAL NAME( IT WILL NEVER BE SHARED WITH ANYONE BUT IT IS NECESSARY FOR MY LEGAL PROTECTION) ( I GIVE MY WRITTEN WORD AT THIS POINT OF THE CONTRACT THAT ALL INFORMATION REMAINS PRIVATE AND IS STRICTLY FOR MY LEGAL PROTECTION AND BENEFIT IN RESPONSE TO ANY ATTEMPT TO ENTRAP OR TRY TO ACCUSE ME OF ILLEGAL WRONG DOING) ANYTHING OCCURRING BETWEEN US WILL ONLY OCCUR BASED ON MUTUAL ATTRACTION. **YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THERE IS NO , I REPEAT NO AGREEMENT BETWEEN US FOR AN EXCHANGE OR MONEY OR OTHER MATERIAL OBJECTS IN EXCHANGE FOR ANY LEVEL OR TYPE OF PHYSICAL INTERACTION.**** THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION . YOU ARE ONLY PAYING ME FOR MY TIME AND COMPANY. PLEASE SIGN AND DATE WITH REAL LEGAL NAME..( ID WILL BE REQUESTED) ************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************* NEW SCREENING PROCEDURE YOU MUST EMAIL THE FOLLOWING TO SCREEN.STORM@GMAIL.COM FACE PHOTO.. NO BLURRING AND NO SUNGLASSES YOUR REAL NAME .. NO ALIASES YOU WORK EMAIL ADDY OR PHONE NUMBER OR A WEBSITE WHERE I CAN SEE YOU LISTED ON THE WORK EMAIL SITE WITH A FACE SHOT YOU MUST EMAIL YOUR WORK INFORMATION ****PLEASE NOTE I WILL NOT AND DO NOT WISH TO DISRUPT YOUR PERSONAL OR BUSINESS LIFE THIS IS PURELY FOR MY SAFETY*** YOUR INFORMATION IS NEVER SHARED OR SHOWN TO ANYONE THIS IS TO PROTECT ME FROM ARREST AND MUST BE DONE!!!!!!! ( WHEN I CALL TO VERIFY YOU I WILL SIMPLY ACT VERY BUSINESS LIKE , I WILL ACT LIKE IM A PROSPECTIVE BUYER, OR CUSTOMER FOR YOUR BUSINESS STATED,,, THE REAL NATURE OF THE CALL IS NEVER GIVEN!) SO PLEASE NOTE IF YOU WANT TO SEE ME THESE THINGS MUST BE DONE FOR YOUR SAFETY AND MINE. THANK YOU STORM Popular Posts GFE MONKEY OR WHATEVER IT IS .. IS A FAKE SITE. IT IS NOT A REAL REVIEW SITE AND WE DONT POST OUR OWN ADS THERE! ITS A SPAM SITE. BEWARE I have sent a total of 10 or more DMCA notices to this site.They are a scam site. None of our reviews on there are real. The ads are stolen ... STOP read this OCT 1. THANK YOU FIRST I wasnt going to address this but I am single again, and it is now also a financial burden as half of my household income just vanishe... A brief description of what you can expect your time with me to be like! Please read so nothing needs to be discussed. Fantasy of course (legally saying wink) Today is June 25th I need to clear atleast 600 of the 800 I need by tomorrow to procure a new home for me and my 13 and 10 yr old kids befor... Strange occurence ladies possible law enforcement alert ..( or man working w law enforcement) Ladies, after my two unfortunate arrests over the years. I have become a somewhat meticulous screener and this is why I also offer my servi... My horror story from 2009 regarding CPS and one of my kids ( pls on twitter help another mother by helping with #supportfinley ) This is actually about my story but its to give strength, knowledge and guidance to our other #sexwork sister who has had her child stripped... Things and the times they are a changin ! 2 NEW SELFIES AUG 26 2016 NEW PICS TWO SELFIES TAKEN ON AUGUST 26 TH 2016 ((( TODAY AUGUST 28TH IS LAST DAY FOR SPECIALS THEY WILL END AT 6PM TODAY ))TEXT 470210159... SEPTEMBER SPECIALS SPECIALS TODAY SEPT 9 AND INCALLS TILL 4PM CASCADE HEIGHTS ACROSS FROM JR CRICKETS ON CASCADE RD .. YOU MAY ALSO PICK ME UP AND HOST AT YOUR... LADIES lets combine our forces and see if Eros will listen! (Early morning .. please pardon any typos till later..lol) I began advertising with Eros originally back in 2001. I remember them always ... Let me address this situation very quickly as this is the last time I give this lady any attention at all... First as I stated in my post that follows this one. I am dealing with a breakup of an 8 yr relationship and the readjustment of my life and... Bad Client or Bad Prospective Client Behavior Broken Down The two things I hate the most are Entitlement and Cheapness! Lets begin with Entitlement Gentlemen, escorts/companions are people.... Bigdoggie.net Eros-atlanta.com Eros Atlanta Female Escorts Popular Posts GFE MONKEY OR WHATEVER IT IS .. IS A FAKE SITE. IT IS NOT A REAL REVIEW SITE AND WE DONT POST OUR OWN ADS THERE! ITS A SPAM SITE. BEWARE I have sent a total of 10 or more DMCA notices to this site.They are a scam site. None of our reviews on there are real. The ads are stolen ... STOP read this OCT 1. THANK YOU FIRST I wasnt going to address this but I am single again, and it is now also a financial burden as half of my household income just vanishe... A brief description of what you can expect your time with me to be like! Please read so nothing needs to be discussed. Fantasy of course (legally saying wink) Today is June 25th I need to clear atleast 600 of the 800 I need by tomorrow to procure a new home for me and my 13 and 10 yr old kids befor... Strange occurence ladies possible law enforcement alert ..( or man working w law enforcement) Ladies, after my two unfortunate arrests over the years. I have become a somewhat meticulous screener and this is why I also offer my servi... My horror story from 2009 regarding CPS and one of my kids ( pls on twitter help another mother by helping with #supportfinley ) This is actually about my story but its to give strength, knowledge and guidance to our other #sexwork sister who has had her child stripped... Things and the times they are a changin ! 2 NEW SELFIES AUG 26 2016 NEW PICS TWO SELFIES TAKEN ON AUGUST 26 TH 2016 ((( TODAY AUGUST 28TH IS LAST DAY FOR SPECIALS THEY WILL END AT 6PM TODAY ))TEXT 470210159... SEPTEMBER SPECIALS SPECIALS TODAY SEPT 9 AND INCALLS TILL 4PM CASCADE HEIGHTS ACROSS FROM JR CRICKETS ON CASCADE RD .. YOU MAY ALSO PICK ME UP AND HOST AT YOUR... LADIES lets combine our forces and see if Eros will listen! (Early morning .. please pardon any typos till later..lol) I began advertising with Eros originally back in 2001. I remember them always ... Let me address this situation very quickly as this is the last time I give this lady any attention at all... First as I stated in my post that follows this one. I am dealing with a breakup of an 8 yr relationship and the readjustment of my life and... Bad Client or Bad Prospective Client Behavior Broken Down The two things I hate the most are Entitlement and Cheapness! Lets begin with Entitlement Gentlemen, escorts/companions are people.... Followers Blog Archive ▼  2016 (170) ▼  October (2) Selfies new taken Oct 5 and one older pic! Take a... Let me address this situation very quickly as this... ►  September (15) ►  August (17) ►  July (13) ►  June (6) ►  May (9) ►  April (17) ►  March (36) ►  February (27) ►  January (28) ►  2015 (279) ►  December (26) ►  November (27) ►  October (14) ►  September (22) ►  August (19) ►  July (35) ►  June (15) ►  May (19) ►  April (21) ►  March (30) ►  February (20) ►  January (31) ►  2014 (147) ►  December (22) ►  November (20) ►  October (5) ►  September (19) ►  August (27) ►  July (25) ►  June (16) ►  May (6) ►  March (3) ►  February (2) ►  January (2) ►  2013 (39) ►  December (1) ►  November (2) ►  October (2) ►  September (16) ►  August (5) ►  July (4) ►  June (3) ►  May (2) ►  April (1) ►  March (2) ►  February (1) ►  2012 (47) ►  September (1) ►  August (1) ►  July (1) ►  June (3) ►  May (4) ►  April (7) ►  March (10) ►  February (6) ►  January (14) ►  2011 (101) ►  December (16) ►  November (15) ►  October (13) ►  September (23) ►  August (28) ►  July (6) Total Pageviews SEXY STORM Powered by Blogger.
http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/archive/index.php/t-3875.html|_|USASexGuide > States & Cities > New York > Manhattan, NYC > Escort Reports PDA View Full Version : Escort Reports Pages : [1] 2 3 4 5 6 Admin 12-31-05, 23:00 Thread Starter. Lego Maniac 03-12-06, 20:33 As I could of used the help a few weeks ago I want to start this forum off and give my experience. First once you start looking at what is available you will quickly discover that there are alot of asian escorts. This is typically not my flavor but as they seemed to be the highest reviewed I went with a company called Erotic Blue to start. Girl came within about a half hour but I did not feel that it was the same girl from the picture. As the face is blurred in the picture it is tough to be positive but the adds were old, air brushed or not her. After getting over the initial disappointment of a girl that was not as pretty as I expected I will admit the service was fine. Everything safe and a good atitude. Just older and not as pretty as I had hoped. No upsell and pretty good massage but as quality is important to me I probably wouldn't reppeat. Second used a company called New York Tens. The website goes by the same name. Had a great experience with the girl. Pictures definitely accurate. It was late at night and told them time was important so I was a little disappointed when the girl was a half hour late (still only took an hour from time I called). Service was good rate was reasonable and a gfe. Very few girsl from the pictures were working while I was there otherwise I would have used the service more frequently. Last, I went with a visiting girl that I saw the ad on Eros. Her name was Annabella. I thought that she was South American from her pictures but she wasn't. She looked much better in person then the ad and she was very nice. A little effort to upsell was made and she was the most expensive of the group. After rejecting the upsell I Still had a great time and she was very pretty. I hope this helps somebody. plumet 06-09-06, 10:20 I believe she's gone back to europe- and the Maxine reviews scare me! anyone have elizabeth experience and know of anyone simila? Backgammon 06-10-06, 08:43 I believe she's gone back to europe- and the Maxine reviews scare me! anyone have elizabeth experience and know of anyone simila?Yes, it is true. Elizabeth has gone back. What a great loss. IMHO she was far better than Maxine. I started with seeing Maxine. The first time was ok, not great. I then tried Elizabeth. Wow! Very nice personality. Very, very nice body with excellent breasts for a woman of her age. She knew how to treat a man and gave the best deep bbbj's. However, Eva gave her a run for her money. Eva is a bit smaller, but could suck me to Sunday. and she knows how to work the kitty. Very sweet and personable. I go to her all the time. She is very attentive too. So if you have never experienced Elizabeth, cry a little. After a good cry, get theee to Eva; she will melt your pain away. Gtrack 06-11-06, 10:38 Yes, it is true. Elizabeth has gone back. What a great loss. IMHO she was far better than Maxine. I started with seeing Maxine. The first time was ok, not great. I then tried Elizabeth. Wow! Very nice personality. Very, very nice body with excellent breasts for a woman of her age. She knew how to treat a man and gave the best deep bbbj's. However, Eva gave her a run for her money. Eva is a bit smaller, but could suck me to Sunday. and she knows how to work the kitty. Very sweet and personable. I go to her all the time. She is very attentive too. So if you have never experienced Elizabeth, cry a little. After a good cry, get theee to Eva; she will melt your pain away. My experience with Elizabeth was not as good as the times I had with Maxine.Maxine was a total freak and I cant wait to see her again.Eva was very mechanical and I would never use her again Maxine has the best bang for the buck period.Sisi was another mechanical person from this service. I took one from the team with her also. Cummer88 06-23-06, 17:17 Elizabeth gone? Guess I'll start crying. Just wanted to make first 'date' with her. So whom to try, Eva or Maxine, both were great,both were terrible, from reviews before. There is now also Diana. Any reports on her guys? Ramblings: Reading the different reports for N.Y. area, a lot of guys are using SW for satisfaction. I don't understand why you guys are taking such risks to save a few bucks. Why don't you go to a MP or Hoe House. Seems they are a lot safer, and you can clean up afterwards. I pay about 150-180 for FS in a very clean safe,Queens apartment with very nice looking, down to earth, girls 'next door'. Don't ask me where because LE is listening and I don't agree with them. Hey LE, why do you stick your nose into something that is 'private' and none of your business? For religious reasons? Thou shalt not-- B.S.? Moral reasons? health reasons? The State not getting their cut of $$ reasons? Go to Europe and be enlightened my friends. Maybe the USA will grow up some day regarding sex. In the meantime I guess its fine for LE if we all cut our ****off. Be safe and sain. PsyberZombie 07-01-06, 09:21 Hope none of my buds down in Manhattan got caught up in this mess = http://*******.com/koy6m Samuel Heintz 07-21-06, 13:41 Went to see Daniella from eros and who also sometimes posts on CL. Got there with the standard two call system and when I entered she was there with her cousin. They were quite suspicious of me but got comfortable after I got "comfortable:. Daniella and I went behind a curtin where a bed was located and she asked if i wanted her and her cousin for a total of 200. I said no I just take you for the 150 (30 mins). Daniella looked OK although a little on the heavy side but great tits. The services was mediocre at best as she insisted on being 100% in control the entire time and would not let me touch her puss. Not kissing at all and she was clearly in a rush. I would not repeat but she did look OK and I may have caught her on the wrong day. Sam Heat Seeker 07-25-06, 19:05 Hooked up with Yanna from CL over the weekend. I'd give her a 7.5 in looks, 8 in body, and a 9 for enthusiasm. She didn't rush me during or after. One other good point, she's clean. She even used baby wipes on me before we got started and after. I'll definitely see her again. Bootyholic 07-26-06, 16:22 Heatseeker, What was the damage for hooking up with Yanna from CL? Bootyholic Salaryman 09-02-06, 17:27 Hi guys, Will be in NY next week and would like to try some Asian escort service. Can someone give me some information about gals visiting hotels or reliable agencies? I'll be staying in 4-5 star hotel and willing to pay about USD 200 an hour. SM Outworlder 10-18-06, 13:53 Has anyone tried a provider from Vintage Pink named... Angie(Tall European Blonde) $140/ 1/2hr & $280/hr 1212-448-1186 How is she compared to Maxine?! How are the Vintage Pink Girls compared to SW(like Farrah)? Outworlder Daty Man 10-18-06, 17:20 I think $280 is a lot for a Vintage Pink girl. Maxine is totally mechanical now and I had a poor session with Alexis. Uncle Al 11-25-06, 20:50 They have 3 companies. One is also availablepink.com seem to have much younger and hotter girls. Same price. I perfer available pink. I have my favotite I've been seeing the same girl for 2 years and she does right by me. Uncle Marco 02-01-07, 16:37 I saw Suzy 2x in the past few weeks. She looks older than her photos (availablepink.com) but is not bad looking at all. $140 for the 1/2 hr. Affectionate and touchable. Nice BJ and FS. GAve me a back massage after we were done. Has anyone recently seen any of the other gals there Victoria, Blanche Sisi or Diana? cye11 03-09-07, 21:57 Gentlemen, Since I work in midtown I decided after much debate to try all of the pink sites. Started on the 1st with Victoria(i think thats her name). She was from a eastern european country and she was so pleasant that it made my experience all the more better. She was oh so tight which is surprising for a "professional". Had an unrushed session in a very comfortable environment. So after such a good experience I decided to try again and ended up seeing Sisi. She is 22 yrs old and is definately the girl on the site and she was also very pleasant and has a nice body as well. She was not as talkative as Victoria but had a pleasant conversation and unrushed session with her as well. I am very pleased but I am still in search of my holy grail (Maxine). Thumbs up to a class service. Cye Uncle Al 03-12-07, 18:39 As I said I perfer blanch tall bonde model at available pink. Idf you like tall skinny good looking girls shes hot. Literal2 04-23-07, 05:21 They sent me a nice girl with prices as advertised on their website but the girl was about 10 years older than the agency said. The Y Guru 05-14-07, 15:58 Visiting NY here in a couple of days and have an itch for some really nice asian. I was on open adult directory seeing what is online and found nyAsianBlue.com , pinkoutcall.com seems to have the same number. Just wanted to know if anyone has had any experiences with them. Probobly Bait and Switch. Willing to spend $$$$$ any good places anyone would reccomend? Butchcasidy 05-23-07, 21:16 I noticed an ad that came up the other day. It was a provider from last year who did car dates for .8 and now she has changed her name and charges $$$$$ an hour. She had mixed reviews which went down hill to total rip off before the name change. How can these girls get away with this kind of $hit? PeterPack 07-04-07, 11:44 It seems in NY you either have the mega expensive escort agencies where you can get model quality ladies but for thousands of dolllars or you get ones with no decent girls at all Are there any midrange escort agencies? Crystal888 08-21-07, 21:21 EDITOR'S NOTE: This report was deleted because appeared to be a commercial message and/or it contained links to a commercial website. Please post reports consisting primarily of a commercial nature and/or reports with a link or links to commercial websites in the Classified Advertisement section of the Forum. Please read the Forum's Posting Guidelines and the Forum's FAQ for further information. Tommy Renter 01-14-08, 19:27 Hey Folks - new the board. I'm looking to hire a hot girl this weekend in NYC - will be staying in the Penthouse of a 5 star mid-town hotel - and have cash to spend. Here's the rub - I'm bi/gay and bringing with me 2 straight male escorts who I'm flying in from LA for the weekend. I need a gal who will be cool with me watching her get it on with these two hot dudes - she doesn't have to interact with me sexually - but I want to watch. I've tried this before and when you find the right girl it can be very hot. Any recommendations? Uncle Al 01-15-08, 18:54 Hey Folks - new the board. I'm looking to hire a hot girl this weekend in NYC - will be staying in the Penthouse of a 5 star mid-town hotel - and have cash to spend. Here's the rub - I'm bi/gay and bringing with me 2 straight male escorts who I'm flying in from LA for the weekend. I need a gal who will be cool with me watching her get it on with these two hot dudes - she doesn't have to interact with me sexually - but I want to watch. I've tried this before and when you find the right girl it can be very hot. Any recommendations?Put a post on craigslist. Smiling Fox 05-06-08, 17:33 I was wondering if anyone happens to know this fine lady. She goes up to Long Island and visits up there. Works with Aphrodite agency. And I cannot locate her reviews. Seems quite up here in NY. We are poppin down in baltimore. LOL. Well, thought I would ask. Thanks, Be safe out there, Smiling Fox ;} Nine Willie 05-08-08, 23:53 Had a few days in New York and decided to check out an old acquaintance. So I had a dream that I met up with an older provider called Patti http://new-york-escorts.********.com/escorts/listing/006140001.htm whom I had seen her some 10 years before. She looked reasonably good for her age but of course nothing like the pictures in her ad which are probably 20 years old. However, she provided a good BBBJ and a magnificent ride in miss, CG, K9 and Greek for the bargain price of $. Good value for simply dirty banging or to get off in a desperate situation. NW Nine Willie 05-09-08, 00:00 For some years I had followed the career of a Manhattan MILF named Fiorella. http://eroticservices.********.com/post/62089 She is well reviewed in TER. Awesome 34 D tatas, cute face and absolutely fit body. She was a true GFE - DFK, BBBJ, DATY and riding in miss, CG and K9. Well worth the $$ price of admission. NW Gtrack 05-27-08, 20:50 She is new from Available Pink and my kind of girl.A thick Brazilian which was new to my lineup.I thought she was Indian from her picture but it was still all good.Service and attitude were good but she is pricey so she is a treat like Maxine or Cassandra.Definitely would repeat and recommend. Tazdude 06-04-08, 01:25 Hello everyone, I just have the worse experience with this service. I went to the site and look at the gallery pics. I called the service spoke with a nice lady on the phone. To nice to be true. I asked for Vivian, the receptionist told me she will see me in 45 minutes, when she arrives she looks 500% different than the website, I called the the receptionist and she does not answer instead I got a guy who said I had to pay for the driver. I told I asked for KG and as it appears in the pic. He said the recepcionist make a mistake. but I have to pay $20 for the driver. I said why I have to pay driver fees it was not my fault. I asked for blue instead i get green. Then he says ok I will send you the real vivian. I am thinking what da f....k are trying to do now. If you were honest you will have sent the real vivian in the first place. This is just my experience to be honext do not call this people. I was able to manage the girl and walk her out of the room. The guy on the phone keep making threats at me so at the end he realizes that the girl was out of the room and waiting in the lobby. and just start to screaming and finally hung up. Just word of advise tell infront that you will send the girl if she does not look like the picture. and you will not pay any drivers fee. good luck Tazdude 06-06-08, 04:03 After this experience amd looking onto some websites. I found this. Provider from ny eros site name Winy. Look for the main picture at the eros site: http://www.eros-ny.com/files/ny-winy1-winy1.htm Now look for this two links http://imgbbs.shangdu.com/bbs.shangdu.com/0/64/527168/file/gra_rika-a012.jpg http://www.mycould.com/discuz/thread-820767-1-2.html (This a site from taiwan, it loads a bit slow, but check picture number 11) Some maybe most of the pictures in asian providers sites are fake either nude porn pictures or non-nude asian actres. I just wanted to share with all you, and be careful with fake pictures. Good luck Hello everyone, I just have the worse experience with this service. I went to the site and look at the gallery pics. I called the service spoke with a nice lady on the phone. To nice to be true. I asked for Vivian, the receptionist told me she will see me in 45 minutes, when she arrives she looks 500% different than the website, I called the the receptionist and she does not answer instead I got a guy who said I had to pay for the driver. I told I asked for KG and as it appears in the pic. He said the recepcionist make a mistake. but I have to pay $20 for the driver. I said why I have to pay driver fees it was not my fault. I asked for blue instead i get green. Then he says ok I will send you the real vivian. I am thinking what da f....k are trying to do now. If you were honest you will have sent the real vivian in the first place. This is just my experience to be honext do not call this people. I was able to manage the girl and walk her out of the room. The guy on the phone keep making threats at me so at the end he realizes that the girl was out of the room and waiting in the lobby. and just start to screaming and finally hung up. Just word of advise tell infront that you will send the girl if she does not look like the picture. and you will not pay any drivers fee. good luck Boom Box 06-18-08, 13:04 Hey Guys, Has anyone seen Maya. She's on Upper West Side. See attached pics. Feel free to PM me. MongerJohn 06-18-08, 17:54 If you are looking for an oral artist, you should give Betty a try. You can get details from her website. The video on her site should answer any questions you have on her services or technique. All I can say is wow. http://betty.nycnetworking.com/home.htm Tazdude 06-22-08, 10:41 Now this girl uses another fake ppics http://www.eros-ny.com/files/ny-winy1-winy1.htm After this experience amd looking onto some websites. I Found this. Provider from ny eros site name Winy. Look for the main picture at the eros site: http://www.eros-ny.com/files/ny-winy1-winy1.htm Now look for this two links http://imgbbs.shangdu.com/bbs.shangdu.com/0/64/527168/file/gra_rika-a012.jpg http://www.mycould.com/discuz/thread-820767-1-2.html (This a site from taiwan, it loads a bit slow, but check picture number 11) Some maybe most of the pictures in asian providers sites are fake either nude porn pictures or non-nude asian actres. I just wanted to share with all you, and be careful with fake pictures. Good luck Tazdude 06-25-08, 02:50 Called the people on this site and I asked for yuka. I was told that yuka will come to me in half hour. When she arrived I Was at the hotel front desk, she didnt know who I was. I didnt go to the room. The person who came posed as yuka was older and she did not look anylike the girk in the picture www.asianangels-ny.com/ be careful with this site. good luck Outworlder 07-05-08, 07:09 I saw this on Craigslist & saved the pic before it got kicked off; She is Chinese in Forest Hills; 104-20 Queens Blvd. forest Hill. take the R train to 63 rd Her email address reads kiddycatwomen@gmail.com Has anyone sampled her?! I tried emailing, but got no response. Outworlder Picture is on Queens Escort section report Sign Up 07-06-08, 17:19 Called the people on this site and I asked for yuka. I was told that yuka will come to me in half hour. When she arrived I Was at the hotel front desk, she didnt know who I was. I didnt go to the room. The person who came posed as yuka was older and she did not look anylike the girk in the picture www.asianangels-ny.com/ be careful with this site. good luckAm I the only one that assumes that Asian ads are fake? Almost always. Tazdude 07-15-08, 15:22 This one is Tomiko in NY eros.com http://www.eros-ny.com/files/ny-izumi1-tomiko1.htm Pictures from a taiwan website http://www.mycould.com/discuz/thread-845939-1-4.html Particular this pics [Hotlink to Photo deleted by Admin] Outworlder 07-15-08, 16:09 Has anyone sampled her?! If so, how much?! Saw the ad on Craigslist a few days ago. Her email address is kiddycatwomen@gmail.com Outworlder Tpa48 08-04-08, 15:00 Anyone have any info on this girl. Will be traveling up to the city soon and she is on my radar. Thanks in advance. TPA48 http://www.briannataylor.net/nycescort.html Paco Q 08-25-08, 01:04 Has anybody tried or heard anything about the CT Call Girls agency? It seems they're based in/around NY as their rates are cheaper the closer one is to NY. In doing a tiny bit of digging on their site, it seems they may be Manhattan based, but I'm not 100% sure. They're listed on Escorts.com as well, but I haven't seen any reviews. I don't mind TOFTT, but at least some info about 'em would be nice. :) I did call earlier Sunday to possibly set up some time with Joelle, but I was told to call back the next day to get a schedule confirmation. Oh, it's outcall only. http://ctcallgirls.com/ Macaman69 09-29-08, 16:32 Yes, it's true that she's an oral artist. Her website is also true (she's no Barbie doll). She's heavy, but I can deal with that for the right level of artistic ability. So I made the appt and built up three days of load. The 1/2 plan says "two releases. " I could certainly do two releases in 30 minutes, I knew that. The problem was the whole "light the candles, set the mood" thing. It took up about 10 minutes. What I really wanted was to release in her mouth at the door, maybe after 15 seconds or so. Then take my time on load #2. The next issue is was the whole bottle of lubricant she poured on my d***. Her hand is beautiful, and she knew when to stop to get me not to blow, but I mean, it was only about one throat stroke for each 9 hand strokes. It's true her throat strokes are wonderful. She goes right down to the nuts (impressive) then starts pulsating her throat, and pulls slowly off, gyrating her tongue throughout the stroke. Very, very impressive. I challenge any man to resist three of those consecutively. That's just it though. She slowed it down so that I only got one release in 30 minutes. I think the plan the next time I have 1. 5 is to blow, I'll whack myself off in a video place, walk over to her place, and then I'll be able to withstand her oral arts for the whole 30 minutes. If you're an older guy who can't shoot, she's your girl. Mighty Spearsman 09-30-08, 18:27 If you are looking for an oral artist, you should give Betty a try. You can get details from her website. The video on her site should answer any questions you have on her services or technique. All I can say is wow. http://betty.nycnetworking.com/home.htm Yes, it's true that she's an oral artist. Her website is also true (she's no Barbie doll). She's heavy, but I can deal with that for the right level of artistic ability. So I made the appt and built up three days of load. The 1/2 plan says "two releases. " I could certainly do two releases in 30 minutes, I knew that. The problem was the whole "light the candles, set the mood" thing. It took up about 10 minutes. What I really wanted was to release in her mouth at the door, maybe after 15 seconds or so. Then take my time on load #2. The next issue is was the whole bottle of lubricant she poured on my d***. Her hand is beautiful, and she knew when to stop to get me not to blow, but I mean, it was only about one throat stroke for each 9 hand strokes. It's true her throat strokes are wonderful. She goes right down to the nuts (impressive) then starts pulsating her throat, and pulls slowly off, gyrating her tongue throughout the stroke. Very, very impressive. I challenge any man to resist three of those consecutively. That's just it though. She slowed it down so that I only got one release in 30 minutes. I think the plan the next time I have 1. 5 is to blow, I'll whack myself off in a video place, walk over to her place, and then I'll be able to withstand her oral arts for the whole 30 minutes. If you're an older guy who can't shoot, she's your girl. First, I wanted to thank Monger John for informing us about Betty. I visited Betty a couple of weeks ago, and yes she truly is an oral artist. I signed up for the "1 hour, multiple pops French lessons" for $200. Yes, that's a bit pricy, but I was not disappointed. Betty was not a clock watcher and I ended up staying there for over 90 minutes and 3 pops. Note: the web site is VERY accurate - what you see is what you get. Betty is definitely a mature BBW, well over 40 years old and over 200 lbs., so if you're hoping for a thin 26 year old, don't bother here. P.S. Betty informed me that she speaks several other languages besides French, and she especially loves the Greek language. Not my style, but that fact may be of interest to some of you. Betty Peaches 10-31-08, 17:55 First, I wanted to thank Monger John for informing us about Betty. I visited Betty a couple of weeks ago, and yes she truly is an oral artist. I signed up for the "1 hour, multiple pops French lessons" for $200. Yes, that's a bit pricy, but I was not disappointed. Betty was not a clock watcher and I ended up staying there for over 90 minutes and 3 pops. Note: the web site is VERY accurate - what you see is what you get. Betty is definitely a mature BBW, well over 40 years old and over 200 lbs., so if you're hoping for a thin 26 year old, don't bother here. P.S. Betty informed me that she speaks several other languages besides French, and she especially loves the Greek language. Not my style, but that fact may be of interest to some of you.I am not "well over 40", I am 44 years old, born in 1965. I am not "way over 200 lbs"...I am 212 lbs at this point, and probably you and many of the guys on these boards who are overweight knows how hard is to lose some of it, right? One thing about me is, I never lie about myself...what you see is what you get. I have 448 excelllent reviews on TER alone and I am - as today - the 5th most reviewed escort in the USA with a solid 8.3 performance average. Guys don't come to me for my looks, they come for my oral skills. Probably, I am the only escort in the USA who doesn't need to remove one single piece of clothing to deliver one of the best oral experiences a man can have in his life. If I have the right recipient, a guy who truly is an Oral Man, I can make him scream in agony & pleasure lol 200 might be pricey, but I am worth every single penny. Thanks for the review. xoxoxo Betty BTW, I got some people booking because they found me here, so thanks for coming over! Gillscot 11-01-08, 11:56 I would go see her for her skills AND looks. She's def my type. But saving time for her for a special occasion because my schedule sucks. I am not "well over 40", I am 44 years old, born in 1965. I am not "way over 200 lbs"...I am 212 lbs at this point, and probably you and many of the guys on these boards who are overweight knows how hard is to lose some of it, right? One thing about me is, I never lie about myself...what you see is what you get. I have 448 excelllent reviews on TER alone and I am - as today - the 5th most reviewed escort in the USA with a solid 8.3 performance average. Guys don't come to me for my looks, they come for my oral skills. Probably, I am the only escort in the USA who doesn't need to remove one single piece of clothing to deliver one of the best oral experiences a man can have in his life. If I have the right recipient, a guy who truly is an Oral Man, I can make him scream in agony & pleasure lol 200 might be pricey, but I am worth every single penny. Thanks for the review. xoxoxo Betty BTW, I got some people booking because they found me here, so thanks for coming over! Fyrcheef 11-02-08, 12:50 I am not "well over 40", I am 44 years old, born in 1965. I am not "way over 200 lbs"...I am 212 lbs at this point, and probably you and many of the guys on these boards who are overweight knows how hard is to lose some of it, right? One thing about me is, I never lie about myself...what you see is what you get. I have 448 excelllent reviews on TER alone and I am - as today - the 5th most reviewed escort in the USA with a solid 8.3 performance average. Guys don't come to me for my looks, they come for my oral skills. Probably, I am the only escort in the USA who doesn't need to remove one single piece of clothing to deliver one of the best oral experiences a man can have in his life. If I have the right recipient, a guy who truly is an Oral Man, I can make him scream in agony & pleasure lol 200 might be pricey, but I am worth every single penny. Thanks for the review. xoxoxo Betty BTW, I got some people booking because they found me here, so thanks for coming over!I had the pleasure of hooking up with Betty several years ago. She is a big girl, so if you can't handle that, then I suggest you move on. However, she is all of the "oral specialist" that is claimed. This woman LOVES to drain you, and, will do it until you cry uncle and crawl out. I needed all the fingers on my hand to count how many times for me. If this is what you crave, then Betty is your girl. Run, don't walk. 200 for what you will get is a bargain. NY Monger 11-03-08, 09:01 I've seen Betty too. She is exactly as advertised, theres no bait and switch or anything funny. If you dig her look and what she offers, shes great. Theres no point arguing about her weight, age etc - she delivers as promised. If you want some skinny spinner, thats not her. But she is customer oriented, safe and a lot of fun. She used to have some videos too if you need to see an example of her work on the website. I dont know if shes updated them lately. Dee El 01-24-09, 15:50 Hello. I'll be in Manhattan next week. Any intel on this one? http://www.eros-ny.com/files/ny-toni64-toni1.htm Harrisburgseek 02-18-09, 11:29 This is my first post on here. I am in my 20s. I have been staying away from the pros and have just looked for sws. I'm poor so I went to see lisa. http://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/ers/1039567593.html Of course the pic isn't her but she still gots big guns and she seemed to be around 5'2-5'4. Shes from trinidad. She doesn't rush you and is accomodating. She has a friend I heard about in the bathroom, I heard about her and think shes her friend, I didn't ask to get a threesome going on because all I had was 60. She is worth the 60 egg rolls and acts like shes interested. I am so used to being rushed like in the RLD in amsterdam but was supprised with the non rush here. For the past few months I have not gone to a black provider and realized that I am more attracted to just white and hispanic providers. Member #4782 03-14-09, 14:06 So I had reason to be in the city late the other night, so I knew after my appointment, I had to go see one of the new Club J spots. But who? Isis, Autumn, Courtney? They all lookin good. But Courtney's slim chocolate and juicy ass was calling me, so I hit up Slammaster and let him know my selection. Got to the new spot and was pleased. No more 7 flights. Just a short walk up to 2. Nice size apt with a real bedroom, a full living room, kitchenette and bathroom. No more girls hiding in the closet! I saw Isis, another girl and Courtney. Courtney was looking good. Walking around in just a zipper sweat top and plaid panties. She was cute as fuck. Much cuter than her pics. Long and lean, dark chocolate and juicy. I made the RIGHT choice. She comes over I say Hi, she has a really pretty smile and perfect white teeth with a slight overbite. I grab her and kiss her face. After some small talk and set up. I sit on the bed with her and tell her do come hold me. I caress and kiss her while she strokes my dick with her hand. This girl is the definition of a Tenderoni. Her skin is butter smooth and soft. And she is so juicy and cute even tho she slim. A true slim goodie. I can't take it anymore. Time for mish. She feels good as a motherfucker. She allows LFK which is nice because her lips are juicy and soft. A real treat. The obeys commands and is very responsive to what you do. She is really cute face to face. Almost looks asian, with pretty slim slits for eyes. Very dark. Just lovely. I was enjoying myself. Her little pants and moans are really nice. I try to enjoy mish as long as I can, but she feels too good. I know I won't last. Face down ass up time! OMG. For a slim little girl her ass is so fucking meaty! I slapped it with both hands and buried my face in it. Kissing both butt cheeks. Pure admiration and booty love. LOL. I mount and start to ride. She likes this position, she immediatly responds with louder moans. Her body is so smooth and that ass is so plump. I pound wihthout mercy. She clamps the booty on me. Dam I love when girls do that! I won't last long. This feels way too good. I clasp her hands with mine and make my final approach to landing. I actually call out her name. "Oh shit. Courtney! ". She giggles at that being as it's not her REAL name. So I start to lose it. Stroke gets uncontrollably harder, legs start to lock up, time to pull out. With a loud "arrrraaaaaggggghhh" I bust a nice nut all over that beautiful chocolate ass and body. Wow I'm happy. I wipe her and myself off with some baby wipes and we get dressed. She has been added to my favorite girls list. Face: 8 (she is really cute, dsl and pretty slit eyes) Performance: 8.5 (she is engaging and likes sex) Body: 8 (would be 9 if she had bigger tits) Attitude: 9 (this girl is a sweetheart) Recommendation: Add her to your to-do list fo sho. 100QQ....150HALF....200HOUR****646~620~1311 CityDweller 03-17-09, 07:04 This agency posts frequently on CL and they have a very polished and professional website. Was wondering if anyone has used them. Most of the girls look great, but no rates posted. cye11 03-19-09, 11:18 CityDweller, I have def tried Jewels and all I can say is it is first rate....... They move locations so as to keep ahead of LEO i guess. Also when u first walkin you have to drop your pants and be checked:-)! Its cool try it you'll like it. the rate is like 8 jacksons. and u get GFE and BBJ. Member #4782 03-20-09, 23:16 My addiction to the sexy young black girls of Club J was solidified further this week when I saw Renee last night. OMG. I was VERY happy with our session. She is a slim goodie, chocolate, pretty face and meaty ass. She was affectionate and playful, very receptive to requests and had great skills. We started with a BBBJ which was off the chain. She actually did something at one point where she was sucking the head, then letting her mouth pop off with a loud suck and pop noise that filled the room. She did this a few times and boy do I wish I had that on video. Sensual sucking, slurping, spit and vocalization make her BBBJ alone a 9. Next, mish. Again, she was affectionate, had a great attitude and allowed for some passionate LFK (DFK not available). She was very warm and smooth, felt wonderful. Eye contact, moaning, pushing up to meet your thrusts, this girl did it all. Finale was face down ass up. This is a very slender girl but she has a meaty ass. Felt great to push up against. Between her sweet ass, her buttersmooth skin and her moaning, I could not last. I popped all over that sweet ass and back. We wiped each other clean, shared more kisses and I would def repeat with this girl. Face: 7 Body: 8 Performance: 8 Attitude: 9 If you like sweet young black girls like I do (this means you spinner fans!), this girl is one to do fo sho. Champak Lal 03-26-09, 11:55 What is the damage. My addiction to the sexy young black girls of Club J was solidified further this week when I saw Renee last night. OMG. I was VERY happy with our session. She is a slim goodie, chocolate, pretty face and meaty ass. She was affectionate and playful, very receptive to requests and had great skills. We started with a BBBJ which was off the chain. She actually did something at one point where she was sucking the head, then letting her mouth pop off with a loud suck and pop noise that filled the room. She did this a few times and boy do I wish I had that on video. Sensual sucking, slurping, spit and vocalization make her BBBJ alone a 9. Next, mish. Again, she was affectionate, had a great attitude and allowed for some passionate LFK (DFK not available). She was very warm and smooth, felt wonderful. Eye contact, moaning, pushing up to meet your thrusts, this girl did it all. Finale was face down ass up. This is a very slender girl but she has a meaty ass. Felt great to push up against. Between her sweet ass, her buttersmooth skin and her moaning, I could not last. I popped all over that sweet ass and back. We wiped each other clean, shared more kisses and I would def repeat with this girl. Face: 7 Body: 8 Performance: 8 Attitude: 9 If you like sweet young black girls like I do (this means you spinner fans!), this girl is one to do fo sho. Pelt Collector 03-28-09, 03:43 Can you give a hint? Not asking for a spoonfeeding, just a hint. I'm in the mood for chocolate. And please don't tell me to RTFF; I have. Member #4782 03-28-09, 20:55 Sorry about that fellas. The Club J rates are pretty standard. 100 Q 150 HALF 200 HOUR http://clubjnyc.com/ Q32003 03-29-09, 13:40 Can you give a hint? Not asking for a spoonfeeding, just a hint. I'm in the mood for chocolate. And please don't tell me to RTFF; I have.Club J is all over CL. 100/150/200. The girls I've seen in person are prettier in real life. The photos aren't that great. Search for Isis, Courtney, 0205 or 1311 and you will find the ads. Member #4782 04-08-09, 17:05 Heard about this one thru one of my back-channels. After seeing her pics and being as horny as a little devil in summer, I went to see her. She's cute, petite and has a great figure. Nice full water baloons hanging off her chest, meaty round ass. You can actually see the cheeks hanging down form the front if her legs are spread! Great BBBJ. She is actually proud of her skills. She asked if I wanted covered or bb, I chose bb of course. I told her "just a little, I'm not one of those guys who wants a whole lot of head". She replied, "oh yea? You're about to want a whole lot". Well excuse me. She sucked me like a champ. Taking pride, slurping, making noise. Her dangling tits were getting to me, so I flipped her on her back for a tit-fuck. She was still licking and sucking the head of my dick every time I pushed it between her tits. This girl is something. DFK. This girl loves to fucking kiss, and she kisses well. So much so, that she won't let you stop! Everytime I tried to pull back, she pulled my head back in for more kissing! Fancy Juvias was the last girl I can remember being like that! DFK continued thru mish. This girl loves to fuck! We had the bed rocking. Then I moved to my signature move, face down lazy doggie. This girl is a freak, when pop time came, she let me cum all over her ass and thighs without flinching. If you like a young, busty sexy GFE freak, add this one to your list. 8 overall. 200HR. 150HALF. 100QQ WHY WAIT CALL NOW! XOXO BRIANNA 516 653 1780.. THANK'S. BRIANNA XOXOXOXO http://eroticservices. ********.com/index.php? Do=view&p=1245089 Nightfodder 04-13-09, 22:20 Gosh, looking through for intel suggests all asian takeout in Manhattan taste bad and low quality. Must be full of MSG. Will be back in midtown in the near future and was really looking for some good takeout. Any intel on a good place that does not bate and switch? Ohzoofun 04-15-09, 16:19 I'm going to be in NYC next week and am looking for some fun. I have a thing for big long labia. Anyone have suggestions? Squirters are a big plus too! Member #4782 04-17-09, 01:48 Damn. J did it again. This time he served up a sexy young blatino girl. Gia is the name. He emailed me pic early in the day and I was sprung as soon as I saw it. Next thing I knew it was night and I was going up another set of walkup stairs to see her. Open the door and J had a glass of water for me. LOL. I always get my own Vitamin Water before I hump a girl. Anyway, Eden, Sherri and Gia are standing in the kitchen in they underwear when I come in. Gia is cute and sexy and much thicker than the pics I saw. Nice caramel skin and perfect body. I wash up in the bathroom and we move to the private bedroom. This girl is attractive and I am pleased I came. We undress, caress and get ready. She said "hmmm you smell good". I responded with "hmmm, you FEEL good". Then something unexpected happens. Eden and Sherri ask if they can come in and watch! Can they? Hell yea! Eden is looking sexy as fuck and I want to fuck her on the floor but I stay focused, but I also made them pay the fee. I said "if you want to stay and watch you have to give me a hug. " So when Eden came over to hug me, I pulled her in real close to my naked body and felt her up. I also started kissing her neck passionately. A test. She went with it and seemed to enjoy it saying "oh yea. " when I was kissing her neck. To be continued. So Gia and I get on the bed and I pull her on top of me for more caressing and kissing (sorry, no lfk or dfk from her, just neck). Sherri is sitting in Eden's lap on a chair at the end of the bed watching. I have to be dreaming. I tell Gia, "I hear you give good head". She is shocked and says "Who told you that? ! ? ". I implied it was J. She proceeds to show me. She sucks the hell out of a cock. And she does it right. I never felt like my dick was in a skull. I only felt warm flesh and lips. Even though she has braces, I never knew it. Eden even commented "damn, she's good". I said, "yea, I bet you wish you had a dick right now". The room exploded with laughter. Playtime is over. I mount this sexy ass girl. She can come off as a little immature at times, but she so fucking juicy and sexy I don't give a fuck. Mish is good. Legs are juicy, body is juicy and tight. She has very pretty eyes and I stare into them as I stroke. The other girls leave to answer the phone. I pound out some hard strokes while they are out. Finally I can't take it much longer so I have her flip over. The other girls come back to watch some more. I told them they almost missed the money shot. Face down ass up. Her ass is so thick and tight. Pounding it felt heavenly. I pump to a frenzy and pull out. I lay my dick between Gia's ass cheeks as it shoots cum across her ass. Knowing that the sexy Eden was 2 feet away watching the head of my dick move to and fro as it squirted cum on Gia's ass was just making my head spin. I was so fucking happy. It was a dream come true. I warned Eden she was next as she left the room and she said "ok". Yea. An hour later I wanted to go back and bang this girl again. That's how you know you enjoyed yourself. Face is 7 Performance is 8 Body is 9 (would be 10 with bigger tits) Attitude is 8 Great girl. I WILL repeat. 646~620~1311...100QQ----150half----200hour http://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/ers/1124091780.html BadDances 04-20-09, 08:23 Great report Mark. Would you have more details on her? Nationality and such? Heard about this one thru one of my back-channels. After seeing her pics and being as horny as a little devil in summer, I went to see her. She's cute, petite and has a great figure. Nice full water baloons hanging off her chest, meaty round ass. You can actually see the cheeks hanging down form the front if her legs are spread! Great BBBJ. She is actually proud of her skills. She asked if I wanted covered or bb, I chose bb of course. I told her "just a little, I'm not one of those guys who wants a whole lot of head". She replied, "oh yea? You're about to want a whole lot". Well excuse me. She sucked me like a champ. Taking pride, slurping, making noise. Her dangling tits were getting to me, so I flipped her on her back for a tit-fuck. She was still licking and sucking the head of my dick every time I pushed it between her tits. This girl is something. DFK. This girl loves to fucking kiss, and she kisses well. So much so, that she won't let you stop! Everytime I tried to pull back, she pulled my head back in for more kissing! Fancy Juvias was the last girl I can remember being like that! DFK continued thru mish. This girl loves to fuck! We had the bed rocking. Then I moved to my signature move, face down lazy doggie. This girl is a freak, when pop time came, she let me cum all over her ass and thighs without flinching. If you like a young, busty sexy GFE freak, add this one to your list. 8 overall. 200HR. 150HALF. 100QQ WHY WAIT CALL NOW! XOXO BRIANNA 516 653 1780.. THANK'S. BRIANNA XOXOXOXO http://eroticservices. ********.com/index.php? Do=view&p=1245089 Member #4782 04-20-09, 15:55 Great report Mark. Would you have more details on her? Nationality and such?She's a lightskinned black girl. Nice big tits. Great figure. I'll have to post pics later. BadDances 04-21-09, 10:14 I am in Manhattan for a few days.. never really had something that young ever (went for older women when I was 19) I may have to give her a spin. Look forward to the pictures. Member #4782 04-21-09, 20:53 Sorry for the delay dudes. Here is the only shot I was able to upload without breaking the USG size limits. BadDances 04-22-09, 08:40 So gentleman I gave jewels a try. Sadly the 3 girls I was interested in weren't in but she had a selection available. The lady told me to go to an internsection (which was different from the time before when I just called to check it out) After that i got a little nervous as LEO was on the corner as well. I took my time calling. Once I arrived I was greeted by the best cop inspection ever. I talked to summer which wasn't what I was hoping for but she turned out to be a lot of fun and very sweet. They were a little paranoid but quite pro and polite and seem to be on par maybe a little above but the overhead I would approve for the safety. Bigswift 04-22-09, 22:54 I am coming into town this sunday for a couple of days. Was wondering if anyone could give me some quick pointers for the area. First off IO am not even sure if I am in the right board - LOL Staying at the Hyatt in Jersey City - hope that helps. Also like Asian / Indian / White ladies - massage with extras? Thanks for your time. Slamasterjay 04-25-09, 18:37 Sorry about that fellas. The Club J rates are pretty standard. 100 Q 150 HALF 200 HOUR http://clubjnyc.com/I had some sparetime today while in midtown so I decided to check Brianna out. I called and she seemed real green, especially when she didn't know simple hobbying terms. Typically two call system. She opens the door in black boy-shorts and a mickey mouse baby tee. Cute as hell. I complement her on looking just as sexy as her pics. And she jokingly states that "she tries". We take it to the bedroom and I leave the donation on bedside table. (I went with the quickie not knowing what to expect but quickly upgraded). She help me get undressed and we instantly starting DFK before I could even drop my pants. She something else. We were going at it like a couple horny teenagers, she loves to kiss apparently and I was loving it right back. She then pushed me to the bed and asked me to lay back so she can show me her skills and skills are something she definetely possesses. STRAIGHT BBJ WITH NO CHASER. SLURPING, SPITTING, DT. SWITCHING HANDS to NO HANDS, ThaT double hand twist move that SUPERHEAD often does. Brianna was doing her things. She thought she was cute when she stopped for a second to tell me when I couldn't take anymore. She better ask somebody, because I came for my money's worth. I sit on my face for some DATY real quick, tasted exceptional, real nice and fresh and clean major points for that. After a good sampling I had her hop on pop for some RCG. Man can this girl ride, the combination of her bucking and that super tight pumpum was enough to send me clear over the edge. I held my composure by switching her into CG which gave her more flexibility and leverage, this girl has vaginal control like a muthafucka. I ended up shoving her off of me and down into the bed for some MISH since I usually have the most control in this position. I start slow and deep, then speed up my strokes, into a hard steady fast pace rhythym, she seemed to be loving every minute of it. We switched to doggy then to semi-lazy doggy with her anchoring her feet behind my calves for leverage. Throwing it back with each stroke. After 15 minutes, we took a ten minute break for some water and cuddle time. After the chit chat, she revived me with somemore great head. Then I had her bend over the bed so I could hit in standing doggy. She told me to tell her when I was ready to pop. As I came close I slapped her ass and she quickly flipped over and sucked me completely dry, blowing bubbles and all. Then excused herself to the bathroom. I was so completely drained I just collapse on the bed. She came out the bathroom running and jumped on top of me, asking if I was ready to go again. LOL. This girl has some serious energy. I told her I'd be back to see her with a case of red bull. She helped me get dressed and walked me out. I will definetely be returning. She's what the game has been missing. 110% GFE. Body: 9 (full D-cup with a nice plump booty) Appearance: looks just like her pics (points for the tshirt) Attitude: 10 engaging and enthusiastic Performance: 9 She did everything and more (-1 for no greek) Overall: 9.2 Will definetely be returning... Not sure how long she'll be around, but she is a hidden gem and true EBT. Over and Out ConnRimmer 04-28-09, 10:25 Has anyone sampled her?! If so, how much?! Saw the ad on Craigslist a few days ago. Her email address is kiddycatwomen@gmail.com Outworlder Almost positive the photo on the right is Korean model Sung Hi Lee. Member #4782 05-02-09, 18:14 The J man sent me a message on the back end. Better hurry and get her now THESE THREE LOVELIES ARE AVAIALBLE RIGHT NOW THROUGH TOMORROW NIGHT. BRIANNA 19yo EBT FULL GFE, DATY, CIM, SWALLOWS, COB, all with a smile. TALIA 19yo HALF LATINA/HALF IRISH "ALL FREAK" FULL GFE DATY, CIM, FACIAL, GREEK(SIZE VARIES), COB ALSO with a smile. AVAILABLE IN MIDTOWN NEAR ALL MAJOR TRAINS 646-620-1311 Last but not least is sexiass KIMBERLEE LATINA MILF BRAND NEW BUT EAGER TO PLEASE. DO NOT WAIT, NO TELLING WHEN THESE CUTIES WILL NO LONGER BE AVAILABLE. Jgraham 05-04-09, 20:06 So gentleman I gave jewels a try. Sadly the 3 girls I was interested in weren't in but she had a selection available. The lady told me to go to an internsection (which was different from the time before when I just called to check it out) After that i got a little nervous as LEO was on the corner as well. I took my time calling. Once I arrived I was greeted by the best cop inspection ever. I talked to summer which wasn't what I was hoping for but she turned out to be a lot of fun and very sweet. They were a little paranoid but quite pro and polite and seem to be on par maybe a little above but the overhead I would approve for the safety. Yes, I'd say the "cop inspection" wont draw any complaints. I only went for the half hour- anyone know if you get multiple pops for an hour? BadDances 05-05-09, 11:54 Yes, I'd say the "cop inspection" wont draw any complaints. I only went for the half hour- anyone know if you get multiple pops for an hour?I was going to try that.. looks like the website is down. Could someone PM me the number. It isn't something I keep on my phone. Member #4782 06-03-09, 15:34 The staff at Club J had sent me an email letting me know a new girl was on the roster. I saw the pics and right away was taken with the slim figure and impressive round ass. Smooth caramel skin is also a favorite of mine. I had reason to be in the city late one night and she was available so I figured I would try her. Boy was I glad I did! When I first came into the bedroom, she was freshening up the sheets and spraying to make sure every thing was fresh. She is into clean which is always a good sign. I was a little thrown by how cute she was in person. She was the kind of girl I had crushes on in Jr. High and now I was going to be intimate with her. Once naked I start with holding and kissing which she is open to. Her body was so nice and warm and without mark or blemish. Really really smooth skin. I told her she felt smooth like a baby which brought a giggle. Sat on the bed with her and just kissed and caressed her, let her work the penis. I was eager to be "one" with her so I pulled her on top of me. She teased me with the pussy and let me grab the ass as much as I wanted. Once we were fully ready to play I got in mish. She was so pretty up close I kept kissin her. I had a lot of energy that day and I really pounded her out. She took it like a champ. Her little moans were really amazing. I wish I had them on tape. After I started to sweat, I flipped her over so I could enjoy hitting it from behind. Her pussy is so smooth and snug and she looked and felt so good. I didn't' want it to end. She took the face down position very well and allowed me to clasp her hands and kiss her face while slamming. Again, she can take a pounding. Before it was over she actually began to throw the booty back up at me which was all she wrote. I pulled out and out and splashed all over her ass and back. Wonderful session. This girl is really sexy and really pretty. Her presence is hypnotic and I have joked that she cast a spell on me since I can not stop thinking and fantasizing about her. This girl is Grade A material. I could see dating her in real life. Use 646-620-1311 and 516-653-1780 http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_9829_late_night_superfreaks_9829_19/classifieds/ViewAd? Oid=7104298 Clubjnyc.com Wolfstar 06-05-09, 17:25 Hey all, I didn't see anyone here mention tipping beyond the Club J rate - I usually avoid agencies because I like knowing what the full amount is going to be before I walk in - can someone fill me in on if they're leaving tips at Club J or just paying the set fee? Yswilliams88 06-06-09, 22:37 Seen spicy earlier after work funnest time I had in a min. She is there alone its LEGIT. https://accounts.craigslist.org/post/shwpst?pii=1209141205&db=lv i think her rates were 100 qq 120 half 175 hr get her quick she is visiting from DR she is in MIDTOWN Member #4782 06-08-09, 14:52 Hey all, I didn't see anyone here mention tipping beyond the Club J rate - I usually avoid agencies because I like knowing what the full amount is going to be before I walk in - can someone fill me in on if they're leaving tips at Club J or just paying the set fee?Tipping is completely optional. I am not known for my tipping because I'm always so broke. BUT, I do make it a point to post my reviews and recommendations promptly. The girls and Club J management appreciate that. If you are the kind that likes to tip to show appreciation of a job well done, please do. The girls will appreciate it. But it's not required or asked for, ever. Pelt Collector 06-10-09, 02:08 Sorry this is a few days late, but I have not been home since Friday. I was in Manhattan last Friday (the 5th) and decided to take up Mark the Humper on his recommendations. Called the number, 2 call system, found the place and went on up. I wanted to see Lauren because of his last review, but she was taken by the time I got there. Went with Gia, since I had noted that he had given her accolades as well. She was everything he said she was. The other girls were hanging around the entryway. It was kinda hot. I chose the $/Q-hr for my first visit, and after a BBBJ, cg, and ds, I was ready w/in 15 min. I liked the apartment-style hang-out, the girls were all PYTs, and I definitely WILL repeat. Keep this on the DL. It is a good thing. As per the last question, no tip was even asked for. Very cordial. Kudos to "J." PC Nastyboy99 06-11-09, 16:20 Hey fellow hobbyist, I'm a cut straight to the chase. I was in the city late Tuesday/early Wednesday, was on line searching when I seen edens pics man where they hot. I got an istant hard on and couldn't stop looking at it, I was thinking if I should go down there because it was raining like hell outside but my little man convinced me otherwise. Simple 2 call system and easy directions. 30 mins later I'm in front of the door with a hard on through graysweat pants. Eden opens the door in a tight yellow top and some yellow panties, as she seen how hard I was she said " I guess your happy to see me". I walked in seen a sexy black girl Lauren and walked straight into the bedroom, placed the donation on the dresser and got down to it $$/HR. Eden really takes GFE to the next level she took my clothes off and dried me with a towel, while kissing my body. She told me she was going to fuck me like I stole something. She pushed me on the bed and started kissing me all over while jerking me off. Soon eden went full force into the BBBJ and it was incredible her mouth was so warm and wet and it only took me five mins to CIM, took a 5 min break and was back at it she was just slobbering and spitting all over it man. We started with mis for about 10 mins, she rode me for another 10 and then it was straight doggy. Man was I tearing this chick up because lauren came in asking is everything was ok and decided to watch, no problem. I told her to get the preview before the movie which made both of them laugh. Eden then said for another $ I get her ass. I had to give in, she told me to go slow because she only did it a couple of times I went in slow doggy and man was it tight she was screaming her ass off and I just let the second on go COA. After that she gave me a little massage and dressed me herself. While leaving out the door she said she hopes to see me again and I said you will. If you want total gfe no BS edens your girl everything was a 10 she is light skin sexy and a little skinny but her ass is fat I recommend her. I don't understand how she is escorting with service like that I would have made her my wife. Member #4782 06-25-09, 16:13 Hey fellow hobbyist, I'm a cut straight to the chase. I was in the city late Tuesday/early Wednesday, was on line searching when I seen edens pics man where they hot. I got an istant hard on and couldn't stop looking at it, I was thinking if I should go down there because it was raining like hell outside but my little man convinced me otherwise. Simple 2 call system and easy directions. 30 mins later I'm in front of the door with a hard on through graysweat pants. Eden opens the door in a tight yellow top and some yellow panties, as she seen how hard I was she said " I guess your happy to see me". I walked in seen a sexy black girl Lauren and walked straight into the bedroom, placed the donation on the dresser and got down to it $$/HR. Eden really takes GFE to the next level she took my clothes off and dried me with a towel, while kissing my body. She told me she was going to fuck me like I stole something. She pushed me on the bed and started kissing me all over while jerking me off. Soon eden went full force into the BBBJ and it was incredible her mouth was so warm and wet and it only took me five mins to CIM, took a 5 min break and was back at it she was just slobbering and spitting all over it man. We started with mis for about 10 mins, she rode me for another 10 and then it was straight doggy. Man was I tearing this chick up because lauren came in asking is everything was ok and decided to watch, no problem. I told her to get the preview before the movie which made both of them laugh. Eden then said for another $ I get her ass. I had to give in, she told me to go slow because she only did it a couple of times I went in slow doggy and man was it tight she was screaming her ass off and I just let the second on go COA. After that she gave me a little massage and dressed me herself. While leaving out the door she said she hopes to see me again and I said you will. If you want total gfe no BS edens your girl everything was a 10 she is light skin sexy and a little skinny but her ass is fat I recommend her. I don't understand how she is escorting with service like that I would have made her my wife.Great review! Thanks Member #4782 06-25-09, 16:13 Mixed bag: Ok I've been dying to see this chick for a minute but I have never been able to catch her because of the location and times (she far from my job and never seems to work past 5). So I was backed up with about 2 weeks full of nut, and I have had my mind set on seeing her. So I bite the bullet and take a cab down there for lunch. I called ahead to get on the schedule. I get down there at my designated time, and I have to wait because the guy before me decided to buy extra time. Annoying but hey, business is business. Finally this fucker leaves and I go up. I am kept waiting for more than 5 minutes at the door as she get's ready. A little frustrating but at least I know she is freshing up between sessions. So she FINALLY opens the door and she is very pretty. Greets me with a genuine "hiiiiii.". She seemed pleased I was somewhat attractive, not some obese smelly dude. LOL. She insisted on a kiss right away. Despite the long wait, that was a good start. This girl loves DFK and is very passionatle. She took me to our suite and told me to wait there as she had to take a little trip to the ladies room. Once I finally had her to myself, we embraced and kissed. She asked if I wanted her to take of her clothes, I said "all of them.". She seemed to want a little romantic passion so me asked me to remove her garments, one layer at a time. At this point I'm thinking about how long it will be before I get back to work and I'm also a little excited so I fumble a bit. Finally we are both butt naked. I grab her pull her close and we kiss like a couple who have been apart for a year. I try to inch her over to the bed while still kissing her but it's a little awkward. We make it. I tell her what I want and we agree to start with some BBBJ. She said "you heard about my head skillz huh? ". Yea. She doesn't dissapoint. She attacks my dick with the loudest BBBJ I've had in a while. Gobs of spit appear and I'm soaked within 2 minutes. She makes eye contact, sucks nipples. There is nothing missing from her head game. I told her, "damn baby you sucking that dick! ". She just kept going. Eventually I stop her and pull her up toward me for a tit fuck. She acts turned on by it and it feels and looks good. Ok, I can't take it anymore. I roll her over for mish and begin to pound. She looks and feels great. She is very active and a natural freak. Some of her encouragement seemed a little fake at times but she clearly likes sex. As I continued to pound and alternate from DFK to staring at her and telling her how pretty she is, I took a minute to enjoy her fair skin. Really nice. More tats than are called for, but really nice. She grabs my head and pushes it to her breast, demanding I suck the pierced nipples. I was like damn, is this some dominatric shit? But her tits are nice and I wanted to suck them anyway so I went for it. "Good boy" she says. LOL. I could have done her in mish for days, but I know I don't have that kind of time. Speaking of time, she did a little clock watching which is a minus. At one point she did the "I want you to come for me". Standard rush trick. But since I did have to get going I told her to flip over for my signature finish. Then I noticed something. Now the pics that somedawg had taken were a disconnect from her studio pics, and I know it left a few us us with questions. I must say, that her ass shows some wear and tear. It's not the ass of a fresh young girl, so be aware. I was eager to bust a nut on it so I got to work. Then she made her second bad move. She looked at the clock and said "yea you need to finish because we only got 5 minutes baby." Not cool. I never got that from a Club J girl before ever. I know she had another client after me, but hell I had to wait overtime for her! So I begin to pound that ass. It takes me a while to get mr Happy back at full mast because I'm getting tired and I'm still a little overexcited. But I have enough to finish. When I pull out to bust on her ass I kind of just push forward and I end up coming on and between her legs. She lets me finish then she gets up to inspect the damage. I had a HUGE load, so some got near the cooch. She freaks. "Oh, no I can't do that. No. No. No! " I try to remain calm and apologize. She wipes with the baby wipes but is clearly still freaking. There is an attempt on her part to make me still feel good about her and she kisses me on the lips during this time but she can't get over the fact that my cum is near her snatch. Finally I say, "go ahead go to the bathroom and clean up I'm ok". She runs off like someone stole her purse. So I use the wipes to clean myself up and get dressed, I have to get the fuck out of here. Then she comes back in the room, clearly still bothered by what happened but trying to keep the provider client relationship going, again asking me to kiss her. Some kind of reassurance I'm not pissed I guess. She gives me mouthwash to rinse with, very sanitary. Then she counts the money. Now I don't know if she didn't know about the GFE discount or how it applies to the time (we did a half). So she was like "you shorted me sweetheart, but that's ok". I explain, that I gave her the standard cut for the girl, and J and I always do that rate for that time. She starts to get ghetto on me and says "Well he's here, we can go see him right now, so which story are you going with". I'm like no she didn't. I follow her to the room where J, Laruen and some cat are chilling. Nya busts in the door and tells J she needs more money than what I gave. J keeps his cool and just indicates that he will take care of it, but that left a real bad taste in my mouth and I'm sure J didn't care for it either. So, there are pluses and minuses. Overall I would still say to see her because she fine as a model and her skills are extraordinary. She have to work on some issues with attitude and customer service. The clock watching, the monetary disputes are not part of the Club J atmosphere. Face: 9 (very very very pretty girl) Body: 7.5 (fit, huge tits, fair skin, would be higher if not for visible wear and tear on booty and so many tats) Peformance: 9 (sexually, this girl is not lacking any skills. 100% GFE) Attitude: 6.7 (she need to work on the funky attitude and clock watching) Nastyboy99 06-28-09, 16:35 What going on troopers. I've been hearing bad things about these club j chicks and I don't know what's going on. Not to long ago I wrote a report on eden (superb time). I recently sent two of my pals to club j and they were disappointed. One said nya has a teribble attitude and is a clock watcher. These chicks won't last if they keep this up. Member #4782 06-28-09, 19:06 What going on troopers. I've been hearing bad things about these club j chicks and I don't know what's going on. Not to long ago I wrote a report on eden (superb time). I recently sent two of my pals to club j and they were disappointed. One said nya has a teribble attitude and is a clock watcher. These chicks won't last if they keep this up.No spot is perfect. Every crew has a couple of sour apples. However, I have to say that Club J and Candy's DVDs are the best things that have ever happened to me since sws. Before NYA, my Club J experience has always been top notch and very satisfying. I love Club J. And even with NYA, she still was one of the baddest girls I even been with. Despite the obvious problems, her service was amazing. As always, see for yourself and always do what's best for you. Pelt Collector 06-30-09, 03:46 Thanks to Mark for the great report(s)... I've been to club j once, and it was awesome. I can't wait to get back. But this board needs good info, good and bad, and although Nya's pics were stellar, I will probably go for some others before her. That's what we're here for and I for one appreciate the HEADs up (pun intended.) Anyone see Adriana yet? PC webrabbit 06-30-09, 13:38 Hey Mongers, Where is Cub J now? Or how to I go about finding it? Thanks BadDances 07-02-09, 00:38 Hey Mongers, Where is Cub J now? Or how to I go about finding it? ThanksYou have to call the location depends on the day and the person you want to meet. Club Sexy Cool 07-02-09, 03:28 Hey Mongers, Where is Cub J now? Or how to I go about finding it? ThanksThe answer is: RTFF Blackdamager 07-07-09, 14:55 Please follow the link!!! Dudes, Go see LEXI!!!!! My my my, she has the tightiest pu$%y, phattest and firmest ass ever. You'll probably bounce off trying to pound on it!! And man can she take some dick! She's 18 and about 5'7". PURE youthful Sexiness!!! I went to see her twice already and heading for my 50th before she turns to a NYA!! LOL. http://www.clubjnyc.com/girls/index.html BadDances 07-14-09, 11:16 Had a great time with her. Usual screening process for them. I would suggest her if you are having trouble picking. Also some other reviews. Summer is fantastic and fun to be around, Cindy is a bit.. distant. Member #4782 07-15-09, 16:24 I'm going to claim the TOFFT on this one if no one else does. Just saw the sexy Essence for lunch. I was in the mood for dark chocolate and boy did she hit the spot. Sexy around the way girl face. Bangin ass DSL. Nice hand full tits, sweet sexy legs and tight round ass. Ass not as big as I expected but it was so chocolate and smooth. Wooo. Head game was fucking awesome. This girl is actually worthy of a BBBJ only session. I made it a point to look at her do it. Her dark lips are so big, seing them on my dick. Well, lets just say I had to stop her. Big long lips like a donkey. Wooo. She seemed a little subdued but apparently it was because she was so hot in the apt. Had to crank the AC. Tits were nice in hands and mouth, real nice. Mish was good. She knows how to engage you sexually with her special down below muscles, so pace yourself. Lazy doggie was extra nice due to smooth dark chocolate skin and ass. Very compliant to requests. Face: 8 (she is a round the way girl chocolate cutie, nice lips cute face) Performance: 7.5 (I would like to see more eye contact and personal interaction, she was a bit disconnected on the personal stuff, no lfk for example). BBBJ: 8.5 (worthy of it's own rating) Body: 8 (sexy girl. Broad shoulders, full tits, chocolate skin, sexy legs, shaved kitty and tight round ass). If you looking for some sexy street chocolate, we got it right here. P. S. When I came in and went to use the bathroom, I saw Serena. Serena is looking good as a motherfucker. She have to catch it too. Member #4782 07-20-09, 14:33 OMG. I did Batman, so I had to do Robyn. I thought i was done this week when Essense worked me. Then i saw the pics of Bonnie on BP. Those juicy legs, that ass, those lips. Over! I had to go get it for lunch. Btw, when i walked into Club J, it was like a ho-asis. Serena, Gia, Essense and Bonnie are there! I wish I had the day off so I could do them all And Gia was looking gooooooooooooooooooood as a motherfucker. Back to Bonnie. This girl is an ebt dream come true. Just what I liked. When I finally got in the room to be with her. She was standing on the bed naked fingering herself vigorously. Damn! If that don't get you hard nothing will. She is tall, slim, brown, young and sexy. I thought I had died and gone to ebt booty heaven. And her ass is so meaty. Grabbed her, started kissing, caressing, touching. She responded well. Moaned, presented the nipples (that were rock hard mind you). Moved the hair so I could get at the neck more. Oh i like this girl. On the bed, she asks if I wanted her to suck it. How cute. OF COURSE! She went to work. She seemed bothered by the fact that I wasn't getting fully hard quick enough. So she starting bobbing her head up and down like a pile driver. Nice DSL, slurping and sucking noise. I said "oh shit baby, you suckin that dick!". I moved to stop her cuz i was gonna nut. She didn't want to stop! I had to pull her off. Mish, awesome. She was VERY responsive, vocal and active. She was lifting the hips and banging me at some points. I could have done mish with her forever, but I cant' last that long. Flipped her over, huge juicy ass. Face down baby. Mounted. She buried her face in the pillow and as my stroke got manic used it to muffle her moans. I grabbed her hands and banged with wreckless abandon. She met my strokes pushing the ass up and . I love this girl. Pulled out and out and busted a nice long nut on her ass. See pics! Face: 8.3 Body: 8.5 Performance: 8.5 (if she gave dfk it would be 9) Attitude: 9 Awesome fucking girl. See her now! Skydiver 07-23-09, 17:23 Heading your way soon. Not sure if I will partake of SW, MP or escort. Anyway, thanks for the 411. If I bag one, I'll post a report. Member #4782 07-28-09, 20:43 Oh. My. GAWD! Can I tell you how this sexy little minx worked me today! Setup: In the spirit of MJ. "Don't blame it on the sunshine, don't blame it on the moonlight, don't blame it on the good times. BLAME IT ON THE BOOTY! " I've been on a tear lately. It must be the summer weather and all those legs and tits just poppin out. Anyway I was horny as fuck today. I thought I might spontaneously bust in my pants. It tried to resist the allure of Club J today, then slammaster showed me the latest aquisition. Next thing I knew I was in the street yelling "Taxi! " On the cab ride down, I kept thinking I can't wait to be buck ass naked with my cock in a girl's mouth. And boy was it great when it happened. I told J that I would choose when I got there because he had Carmen, Tiffany and Bonnie on board. The EBT trifecta! I get to the new Club J locale (really nice sublet apt). I come in and I see the fine ass women. Bonnie is wearing a red kimono, and damn I just wanted to jump her! Tiffany had her tits busting out her bra and I wanted to jump her too. But then I see this sweet little thing with the cutest face and huge ass titties. Ding ding, we have a winner! The Deed: She seemed at first that she really didn't want me to pick her. She was shy and almost hesitant. I thought to myself, she so fine it won't bother me. We get buck ass naked. This girl's tits are fucking huge! I pull her close and start kissing her neck. She responds well, moaning and saying "ummm yea". So I lay back and she takes the lead. I have a pillow proped under my head and my legs wrapped around her torso with my feet resting on her ass cheeks and she is in between my legs. BBBJ. She puts little Tom in her mouth and starts doing this rolling thing with her tounge. WTF! Is that even possible? I watch as she does it again. Oh shit that feels good. She takes her time workin the head. I start going nuts and she notices. She says "let me know when you are going to cum". Oh no little girl, I got plans for you. Tit fuck. PUt on some lube and ram my dick between those sweet brown mellons. Feels too fucking good. AFter 2 minutes I have to stop. I was gonna bust. Mish. This is where she opens up. As I bang, she starts vocalizing. "ummm hmmm. Yea. Get it.". Ladies. Make note. When we are with you, make some noise! Talk shit! Make eye contact! We love taht shit and Carmen knew it. I kept saying "oh shit baby, you feel so fucking good! ". At one point her ego stepped up and said "I'm the best you ever had aren't I? ". It was hard to argue. LOL Then I pull her on top, put her to the test. Not CG mind you. I have her laying right on top of me, and I'm grabbing and smacking her ass. I stroke up and she strokes down. She actually says "oooh, I like this". Oh yea. Then as I start to suck on her nipples, she lets out that nervous giggle and moves her breasts away. I know what that means. I ask her if she is ready for the finale. She says "oh yea". Right answer. Lazy Doggie baybaaayyyy. That little ass is meaty and tight. As I slam down, she is vocalizing and clamping her butt cheeks on me. All she wrote. Pulled out and out and splash. I was moaning like someone was sticking a knife in me. The nut was so intense. She continued to flex the booty on me as I got out all the nut. Wow Face: 9 (she has the prettiest, cutest little face: instant crush) Body: 8.5 (if she was taller she'd be a 9) Performance: 8.5 (She'd be 9 once she gets past the initial shyness) Attitude: (before sex. 7, during sex 9) This girl is BAD like Michael Jackson. A spinner with melons. Pretty as fuck and she's a natural born freak. I actually wanted to see her again later that afternoon. That never happens. Wow Commodore 08-08-09, 21:45 Hello hobbyists, Has anyone visited Lola recently? http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/lola_/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=3308682 Please PM with details. Thanks blackarcher 08-24-09, 22:54 Monday I really needed a release so I decided to try ClubJ, I called the number I found and got a call back in about 5 minutes. It was NYA and after the usual call bs, I arrived at the location for my session. I was originally going to go for a half-hour but decided on my way there to just go for the 60 min. Nya answered the door and looked very tasty, She greeted me with a kiss and some small talk and offered me a glass of wine. We chatted a few more minutes she explained her tats which for me are cool. She told me her simple rule of no fingers deep in her and I can understand and appreciate that. We got undressed and from that point on Nya performed her best. She did some BBBJ and I did some DATY which is unusual since I have to be extremely comfortable to do that with a provider. I thought about it later though and I've done that with regular woman I met in a bar so what's the diff. After that we did the doggy, she let me pull her hair and slap her cheeks and she seemed really in it. At no time did I feel rushed in any way and her attitude was pitch perfect. I don't know know if she really enjoyed herself or not but if she didn't I couldn't tell. After all gents, when we go to a agency we are paying for fantasy, I got my money's worth. YMMV but I'll see her again and I'll also try some of the other ClubJ girls. Bmore718 09-08-09, 19:03 After a 6month hiatus, and being recently laid off, I decided to treat myself, "I know with the economy bad, I should save my money, fuck it! " went through backpage and looked at this nice dominican she was doing incalls in manhattan her name is jezabell. So I tracked from queens to their midtown location. Checked out there midtown location, very nice cozy spot, jezabell opened the door, and awwwwww man! Possibly never seen a prettier dominican in my life, and what's even better! Is its her first day! Yea boys I'm claiming this toftt! Nice 5'5" dominican nice shape thick! With a fat ass! And the most beautiful smile. Nice soft hair we vibed off each other, quiet nicely, she told me she is "willing to do anything to make me happy" after that I was sold! We stared into each others eyes, I couldn't look away I was hyptnotize, LOL! I think I'm falling in love.(again! ) on that note I upgraded to the half! We started off with some dfk! And when I mean dfk it was intense our tongues were boxing! Basically are lips felt like they were attached. I started to suck her ripe melons, nice and soft and natural. She then started to give me a bbj, it felt soooo good, when her soft lips, squeezed tight on my dick, she kept the pace nice and slow, the way that I liked it! Her hair kept getting in the way, so I had to hold it, but I like it when her hair just flew wildy while she was giving me head, LOL! I grabbed her head, and controlled every stroke, she added a little moisture to my dick, saliva running down my cock, then she started to catch the saliva while it was running down! She moved down and began suckin the balls, spitting all over my boys! Harrasing them! Puttin the boys in her mouth. We proceded to doggy, and man! That phat ass, was taunting me! Penetrated in that nice tight pussy of hers oh man! Nice backshots at first she was taking them like a champ, but she coulnt last long (she's new! ) we took a little rest, contiinued with a CBJ since were still using the same condom, so round 2, I started pounded moderetly, she started grabbing the pillows "you gonna make me cum! " she started moaning harder, and continued pounding harder! Her face deep in the pillow she was grabbing! All you can hear is "clap, clap, clap, " ass so phat! So soft felt like jellatin her legs clamped down on my hips "fuuuuuccck me! " "she started speaking in dominican! So I knew I was puttin it down. I flipped her phat ass over, and got in missionary, I made sure her back was against the wall cause I was gonna go hard! Her legs clampin on my hips and I didn't even start! It was a great feeling! Ours eyes coulndt look away, we started french kissing again! She grabbed me and put my body closer to her, some real love making going on here! She tellin me "she wants to go on top! " This chick is a bona-fide freak! She was doin all kinds of shit on top! I was just enjoying the view! Of that ass bouncin up and down on my dick, bootyful! She started doing this postion, I don't know the name of, she was on top of me cowgurl and then she put her legs inside of mine! And line foward you get the picture. Afterwards I was pretty exhausted, but I had to pound that back out one more time! LOL! She told me she likes it rough! So I put her head against the wall, gave her a jail type pounding (no homo) I knew I went well over the time, so decided to hit her with my finishing move, the face plant splash, laid her on her back, told her to suck my balls, and close her eyes, get ready for a big surprise! Cummed all in her mouth, every last drop, but one little guy squirt out her mouth felt great. For those who can't make the dr trip, all you little dr bloggers. We got a little dr here at home this chick is a certified freak, is willing to go that extra mile! , she is young and vibrate, with a booty to match not a clock watcher, and a great personality, great kisser too bbj, cim, bls and I believe she does greek too! This is what your looking for. My advice to you! Hop on this quickly! She'll be gone after you read this review. She can do it all! And yes I will repeat! I might see her tommorrow! Face: 8 beautiful eyes, and a beautiful smile, nice lips Body: 8 thick, phat ass somethin you can bounce off of, you know how dominicans do Attitude: 10 I felt a serious connection with her, she is regular material Performance: 9 once again she can do it all! Whatelse you need to know? Bmore Bmore718 09-08-09, 19:44 After a 6month hiatus, and being recently laid off, I decided to treat myself, "I know with the economy bad, I should save my money, fuck it! " went through backpage and looked at this nice dominican she was doing incalls in manhattan her name is jezabell. So I tracked from queens to their midtown location. Checked out there midtown location, very nice cozy spot, jezabell opened the door, and awwwwww man! Possibly never seen a prettier dominican in my life, and what's even better! Is its her first day! Yea boys I'm claiming this toftt! Nice 5'5" dominican nice shape thick! With a fat ass! And the most beautiful smile. Nice soft hair we vibed off each other, quiet nicely, she told me she is "willing to do anything to make me happy" after that I was sold! We stared into each others eyes, I couldn't look away I was hyptnotize, LOL! I think I'm falling in love.(again! ) on that note I upgraded to the half! We started off with some dfk! And when I mean dfk it was intense our tongues were boxing! Basically are lips felt like they were attached. I started to suck her ripe melons, nice and soft and natural. She then started to give me a bbj, it felt soooo good, when her soft lips, squeezed tight on my dick, she kept the pace nice and slow, the way that I liked it! Her hair kept getting in the way, so I had to hold it, but I like it when her hair just flew wildy while she was giving me head, LOL! I grabbed her head, and controlled every stroke, she added a little moisture to my dick, saliva running down my cock, then she started to catch the saliva while it was running down! She moved down and began suckin the balls, spitting all over my boys! Harrasing them! Puttin the boys in her mouth. We proceded to doggy, and man! That phat ass, was taunting me! Penetrated in that nice tight pussy of hers oh man! Nice backshots at first she was taking them like a champ, but she coulnt last long (she's new! ) we took a little rest, contiinued with a CBJ since were still using the same condom, so round 2, I started pounded moderetly, she started grabbing the pillows "you gonna make me cum! " she started moaning harder, and continued pounding harder! Her face deep in the pillow she was grabbing! All you can hear is "clap, clap, clap, " ass so phat! So soft felt like jellatin her legs clamped down on my hips "fuuuuuccck me! " "she started speaking in dominican! So I knew I was puttin it down. I flipped her phat ass over, and got in missionary, I made sure her back was against the wall cause I was gonna go hard! Her legs clampin on my hips and I didn't even start! It was a great feeling! Ours eyes coulndt look away, we started french kissing again! She grabbed me and put my body closer to her, some real love making going on here! She tellin me "she wants to go on top! " This chick is a bona-fide freak! She was doin all kinds of shit on top! I was just enjoying the view! Of that ass bouncin up and down on my dick, bootyful! She started doing this postion, I don't know the name of, she was on top of me cowgurl and then she put her legs inside of mine! And line foward you get the picture. Afterwards I was pretty exhausted, but I had to pound that back out one more time! LOL! She told me she likes it rough! So I put her head against the wall, gave her a jail type pounding (no homo) I knew I went well over the time, so decided to hit her with my finishing move, the face plant splash, laid her on her back, told her to suck my balls, and close her eyes, get ready for a big surprise! Cummed all in her mouth, every last drop, but one little guy squirt out her mouth felt great. For those who can't make the dr trip we got a little dr here at home This chick is a certified freak, is willing to go that extra mile! , she is young and vibrate, with a booty to match not a clock watcher, and a great personality, great kisser too bbj, cim, bls and I believe she does greek too! This is what your looking for. My advice to you! Hop on this quickly! She'll be gone after you read this review. She can do it all! And yes I will repeat! I might see her tommorrow! Face: 8 beautiful eyes, and a beautiful smile, nice lips Body: 8 thick, phat ass somethin you can bounce off of, you know how dominicans do Attitude: 10 I felt a serious connection with her, she is regular material Performance: 9 once again she can do it all! Whatelse you need to know? Bmore Yankee1234 09-10-09, 13:01 Stopped by to see Gina and company in midtown and saw Christine. Outstanding body and nice oral technique. After some DFK, slowly she slid her mouth around my hard cock and got about half way down and back out, then started again adjusting her head and she went deep with it. What talent. I was so close to blasting I told her to stop. I asked her how she wanted it and then she said she loved to ride it, well who am I to deny her. She climbed on and even though she was wet it was too tight so a some lube and a few good pushes and it was headed home. She gasped as she slid down taking it all as I felt it hit bottom inside her. She was tight and smooth and absolutely awesome. I then lifted her off and bent her over the bed and pounded her doggie for probably another 5 minutes finally I couldn't hold back any longer and shot a momumental load. She did complian for more tip, which I didn't like, but other than that, I would consider repeating. NewAgain 09-10-09, 20:34 Hey guys, I am a regular in Mass and RI, but traveled to your fun city. I took a shot with Patti, the MILF. Wow. For a woman over 50, she can do things, and No isn't an option with her. I highly recommend you call her. Digits are available for senior Members, or search her out on Backpage. Bmore718 09-11-09, 16:23 http://newyork. Backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_you_can_melt_in_my_mouth_specials_21/classifieds/ViewAd? Oid=9655324 I can't stop! LOL, I'm a fiend when it comes to CHOCOLATE! I've been looking at this darkskin beauty for awhile, I mean seriously ADDICTED to darkskin beautys! She been on and off the past couple months, but when I saw her ad today on BP I HAD TO POUNCE! Called her up, had a very sweet soft voice on the phone, NOW I'm TURNED ON! Went down to her midtown location, she opens the door, she looks better than her pics! Her ad pics DO NOT do her justice! I bring her a little closer to me, her body felt so nice, butter smooth skin, atheltic body, thick thighs! A fuckin GODDESS! Nice plump ass, I'm a call jada fire's little sister, LOL! I couldn't control my urges I started kissing her up and down her back, while she was getting undressed, we made a little, basic french kiss. Then I started kissing her tities nice CHOCOLATE B" cups. So we head to the bed, AND I COULDN'T FIGHT MY OTHER URGE! I started eating her out, (FIRST TIME! )its something I wanted to with someone special, she looked that good! She gave me a nice BBJ she started going slow, while jerking me in the process, she applied saliva all over my cock! LITERALLY! She drooled all over my balls to, then she LIKED ALL OF IT UP! SUCH A GOOD GIRL! Saliva running across her face, she proceeds with sucking my balls, putting both of them in her mouth, then licking them. We move on to Doggy, and already I can see that she's WET! And that plump ass looking at me is only turning me on! Its time to own that Ass! As sooon as I stick it in she moves foward! So I relaxed her nerves kissing her back, and rubbing her hips up and down, I penetrate again, and started poundin that ass, thoss chocolate lumps movin to my speed, I was about to cum! I had to hold mines! Her pussy was unbelievablly Wet! All over her thick thighs. I arched her back a little more, than started going HARDER her face was deep in the pillow she started grabbing the sheets, moaning in the pillow. Flipped her over on her back, continued with some DFK then started missioary, and its a great view! Me on top of this beauty, I insert, and begin stroking away, slow looong strokes, sucking on her on tites I'm ALREADY SWEATING! THIS IS BECOMING TOO MUCH OF A WORKOUT, LOL. My sweat dropping on top of her chocolate body, A BEAUTIFUL SITE! I placed her on her side, and continued hitting that, that ass bouncin of my hips, moving to my motion, thick legs, stallion! Just tappin that ass. Hit her with my finishing move, and cummed in her mouth, OOOOOO! A NICE FINIISH SHE TOOK ALL OF IT IN HER MOUTH! Some of it squirted out, SUCH A GOOD GIRL She's knows how to treat a man! LOL, beautiful chocolate drop, willing to do anything to please you, me personally I'm a chocolate fiend always looking for darkskiin nubian proviers so this suits me. If your looking for an memorable experience this is for you. Will repeat Body: 9 sexy! Sexy! Sexy! Athletic chocolate body, thick thighs, plump booty smooth soft skin. She must be related to venus or serena williams Face: 8 cute face, eye to eye contact, nice lips, Attitude: 9 great personality, just willing to do anything, no problems, can easily see her over and over again AND over again! Performance: 9 top notch! She moves when I move, very easy to take control of her Bmore Pm me for pics. V Monkey 09-18-09, 15:45 Much like Nuguy I also saw Patti. She is basically a $100 all you can eat option. She lets you do anything you want to do for as long as you want. She is not for everyone though. She is well over 50 with very long armpit and (red) pubic hair. The best thing about Patti is that she can take out her top and bottom teeth and gum you. Although it may sound like I am making up an absurd story, I assure you the above is all true. All who have seen her will back me up on this. Give her a try next time if you feel like a jungle adventure. Member #4782 09-18-09, 17:04 Morgan from Jewels NY is now in Club J! I got to peep her when I went to see Geneva today (who is one of the baddest little 110% GFE honey's i been with in a while). Morgan is fucking gorgeous. I could have just jerked off looking at her and been happy. Go see this chick while you can! Club J - 6466201311 http://www.jewelsofnewyork.com/Models/Morgan.html Lil Ze 09-22-09, 15:24 Went to the chinatown chica spot. Saw a VERY cute 22 latina from Costa Rica (looked mexican). 60 beans, quick CBJ, cow girl, then I hit from behind. 60 gets you 20 minutes. Not the greatest, not the worst either. After still had the urge. Caught a crackhead out in queens. Pumped the HELL out of her for 25 (hehehehe). Not a bad day. But need cheaper latina spots peace. Member #4782 09-23-09, 16:15 Morgan from Jewels NY is now in Club J! I got to peep her when I went to see Geneva today (who is one of the baddest little 110% GFE honey's i been with in a while). Morgan is fucking gorgeous. I could have just jerked off looking at her and been happy. Go see this chick while you can! Club J - 6466201311 http://www.jewelsofnewyork.com/Models/Morgan.html Stop playin! http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_melody_sexy_college_girl_gone_wild_my_first_day_ever_21/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=9973796 Nomadic1 09-23-09, 16:53 I envy you guys so much for having Club J. Maxx Danger 09-23-09, 19:05 Well, I won't bore you with the details of getting there. So I'll start at the arrival to the apartment. I exited the elevator on the fifth floor and an apartment door immediately opened. It was the hostess, who I assumed answered the phone when I first called. She was very pleasant and told me that she had to perform a security check. I thought she would ask for my license, but she asked me to pull out my Johnson. Curiously I said, "what, are you serious", and of course she was. I wasn't scared, but didn't know what to expect. So I complied with the request. Now, with Johnny all whipped out, she bent down and gave him a loving suck, then immediately stood up and announced, security check done. I thought, "wow, this is going to be great". She then called to Emily and out came this very hot South American beauty. She is very curvy with nicely sized breasts. She took my hand and guided me to a darkly lit room. Soft music was piping in from some easy-listening station. She went into her pocket book to get all of the things she would be needing. I placed the donation on the table near her pocketbook and got undressed. She immediately started with a tender BBBJ. I heard her from time to time spitting out the pre-cum, but it wasn't much of a bother; her skills at blowing are very nice. She sucked me and licked my balls for the first half of the session (I only stayed for a half-hour), while I sucked on her glorious breasts. The nipples were so big and hard. She moaned as I did this and seemed to like it. Soon enough, I got a woody like a baseball bat. She asked me if I wanted to be inside her. Of course I said yes. She moved to get the condom and slid it on with her mouth (what joy! ). She then lay on her back and I entered her mish. I was riding her for about 10 minutes before I could not hold it anymore and let it loose. She cleaned me up and I got dressed. She asked me to come back for an hour, but at almost $$$, I think I'll stick with the the half hour $.6 sessions until my business starts bringing in more money. What an incentive to work harder. Emily is a jewel and worth your time. Treat her well. NewAgain 09-24-09, 13:19 V Monkey is right on, except there was no arm hair when I saw her. She brings outfits and toys, and really offers anything. I put a digit in her rear twidget and she immediately thought I wanted to fly to greece..which at that time I wasn't prepared. Take my advice, visit her, be nice and she will get the job done. Tell her Rob sent ya. Much like Nuguy I also saw Patti. She is basically a $100 all you can eat option. She lets you do anything you want to do for as long as you want. She is not for everyone though. She is well over 50 with very long armpit and (red) pubic hair. The best thing about Patti is that she can take out her top and bottom teeth and gum you. Although it may sound like I am making up an absurd story, I assure you the above is all true. All who have seen her will back me up on this. Give her a try next time if you feel like a jungle adventure. Member #4782 09-25-09, 15:58 Stop playin! http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_melody_sexy_college_girl_gone_wild_my_first_day_ever_21/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=9973796 You guys are fucking up. I told you this chick is fine and you need to run to go see her. Well i couldn't wait for you clowns any more. I saw her for lunch today. OMG. This is the finest chick I have seen since Alicia of Candys DVD. The second finest chick I ever been with. Fucking beautiful, unreal. I called up today and negotiated a quick lunchtime visit with her. I get to the spot and she lets me in, and runs in the bathroom to finish fixing her hair. We make small talk and then she comes out to look in the bigger mirror. OMG she is fucking gorgeous! I cant believe what Im seeing. It's like someone plucked a model out of a magazine. Now there had been some dispute as to weather or not she had any ass. I can put that shit to rest right now. HER ASS IS HUGE. Again i couldn't believe it. This is a tall slim girl. And she has massive melons hanging off her chest like those things boxers use to practice on before a fight. Face is so pretty I almost can't maintain eye contact. WOW am i happy to be there! We get over to the bed and she sits down. I tell her to stand so I can just hold her. We are both butt naked and I put my arms around her and feel her up and kiss her neck and lips a few times. She allows lfk which is good. She responded well which i was happy about. Moaning and caressing me back. We get down on the bed and she says "this is gonna be fun". No kidding! lol. She starts with bbbj. At first i just can't believe such a pretty face and mouth are going up and down on my cock. I stare like I'm watching a great porn movie...except I'm in this one! Then i notice that she has great skills! Usually fine chicks get away with murder. But she was sucking the fuck out of my cock. She made the spit drool down the shaft in such a way it looked like cum dripping out. I had to wonder if I had busted prematurely. At once point she paused and took her mouth off and let a huge gob of spit oooze down my cock and onto my balls, again making it look like it was a load of cum escaping from her mouth. This girl is my new best friend. Then she does some crazy shit. She goes down the shaft with her mouth, then comes up and stops at the head. She stays still with the head in her mouth. For a second I'm like, wtf, why did she just stop. Then I feel it. She is running her tongue across the opening of my penis while the head is in her mouth. She's licking my peehole!! Up and down, keeping the head covered in her sexy ass lips and and not moving a mussel. It only takes a minute for me to start going bonkers from that. "Oooooo shiiiit". She goes back to regular head for a couple of mins. Licking and slurping. Then she does that head shit again. It doesn't take me long to realize I can't handle that too much longer and I stop her and get on top. Slip on the jimmy and i look down at the beautiful girl as she puts me in the pussy. Her pussy is so fucking wet. I was surprised. Dick goes right in. I begin to fuck. I pace myself cuz I know I wont last long. She begins moaning right away. "Aaaah!....oh fuck!" "Shit...ugh...yea". Now she may have been faking but it sounded damn good. I wish i had it on audio. Hmmm, maybe I'll bring a tape recorder next time. LOL. I was in heaven. I went down a few times to kiss her face and neck as I stroked. I felt the nut coming so i switched to mish. I was overexcited and lost my damn wood. She didnt' complain, took off my condom and went back to her wonderful headwork. I knew i would never get back fully cuz my heart was pounding too hard, so i told her to just lay on her stomach and let me run it the best I could from behind. She was helpful and never complained. I began to pound best i could and she reached down and held my half limp cock in place at the pussy hole entrance so that we could enjoy the best she could. She moaned louder when i pounded louder. I wasn't really in but it still felt great. I pounded really hard just to get myself going and i felt Mark Jr. beginning to rise. She guided the head into her pussy which at this point was so wet it felt like the head of my dick was going in and out of a jello cup. Her huge fine ass, her pretty face and long black hair, her moans, and that feeling on the head of my cock entering that sweet wet pussy. It was more than this guy could handle. I filled that condom with nut. She moved quickly to ensure that the condom didn't come off. I collapsed. She took the condom off, wiped my cock with a wipe and answered the phone (which she had ignored during session). WOW. I'm in love. Face: 9.5 Body: 9 Performance: 8.8 (would be 9 if she wasn't so stressed and nervous about the phones and holding down the fort) BBBJ: 9 (amazing) Attitude: 8.8 (she was very sweet, helpful and patient, but she still needs to relax a little more). Overall. If you don't go see this girl you are a dumbass. I don't know what else to tell you. One of the best I've ever had. Member #4782 09-28-09, 19:35 You guys waited too late. She quit later that afternoon. Wasn't making enough dough. If I find out where she lands I'll let you know. Slamasterjay 09-29-09, 00:15 You guys waited too late. She quit later that afternoon. Wasn't making enough dough. If I find out where she lands I'll let you know.Hold up mark not so fast. After a temporary suspension. Melody will be returning to work tomorrow in the brand new chelsea location from: 10am. 6pm Call her tomorrow 646-620-1311 for further details. Member #4782 09-29-09, 10:45 Hold up mark not so fast. After a temporary suspension. Melody will be returning to work tomorrow in the brand new chelsea location from: 10am. 6pm Call her tomorrow 646-620-1311 for further details. http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_9733_sexy_exclusive_g_f_e_10102_princess_9733_21/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=10092749 MY DUDES.... SEE HER NOW!!!1 V Monkey 10-01-09, 08:38 Dear friends, I found "Soccer Mom" susan on Backpages and decided to give her a call. She advertizes as a "squirter" and I was curious so I emailed (no phone number given) her to set up an appointment. I was quite excited to see the water works as the reviews I read of her were quite interesting. Susan showed up at my apartment right at the appointment time. This is a big plus for me because I hate it when outcalls make you wait. She did not show her face in her ad, and I was a little disappointed when I saw her. She looks like Brooke Hogan at 40 but a little more masculin. Her body was beautiful though. She used to be a body builder and is still in great shape. She has almost no fat on her body and very toned arms and legs. We both got comfortable and I began playing with her shaved pink pussy. Her labias and her clit were remarkably large. She got wet after some fingering and some DATY, and before too long I felt the muscles in pussy moving. A pool of clear liquid welled up in her pussy and it looks like muscle pushed the pool up, splashing all over my couch! It was quite a sight! We got in to BBBJ, which turned in to a 69. She splashed again a couple of times and I had my first pop. After a bit of a rest, we did mish and finished in cowgirl. All in all I really had a good time. Clean up was a bit rough though. If you see her (you really should) Be sure to have lots of towels ready! Hope this was helpful! Member #4782 10-02-09, 16:56 Ok, maybe she's not the real Alicia Keys, but dam she look just like her..... I went down to Club J to see Melody, but when I got down there she had just entered the room with a client and he took a full half. Now i was on lunch break and I didn't have a long time to wait for her. But there was a new chick here. Alana. So im sitting on a lounge chair trying to figure out what I should do, and J is there and this sexy ass new latina is just sitting there looking at me. She had on fishnet stockings, she looked like Alicia Keys on steroids. Thick ass legs and a HUGE ass. So minutes are passing, and im just looking at this girl. My dick is like...."she's sexy as hell, let's just fuck her!". J and Alana were thinking the same thing. I really wanted melody but damn, when you got a sexy ass woman just sitting there waiting for you to fuck her...i mean wtf. So I go for it. J excuses himself and she strips. She asks if I want her to take off the fishnet stockings too. I said, no not really. Her thick legs look good in them. So she just gets butt naked othewise and lies on her back on the couch. Damn. I kiss her. Light DFK, very cool. I ask, "do you give head?". She laughed, "of course I give head, what kind of girl would I be if I didnt". She then begins a fierce CBJ. Good head work, and great tongue work. Didn't even feel like a condom was on. Gets me ready to go and i tell her to lie on her back. She throws her sexy ass legs in the air and puts me in. Feels good, I immediately begin to pound. Her face turns to pleasure and agony. She begins to pant and moan like a puppy getting a rectal exam. I stoke fast, slow, do some dfk, hold myself up, come down for kissing, i enjoy every stroke. Then i put her in straight doggie. I insert myself easily and start pounding right away. I smack the ass and see what she can take. She starts to pant and moan again, this time pushing the ass back on me. I put her to the test. I keep still and let her ride the dick in doggie. She rises to the occasion. She's fucking me. I actually had to stop her cuz I was gonna nut. I tell her to lie on her stomach. I make sure I have a good position laying on top of her and again I pound that big fat ass she has. I look down at it. It's like 2 flesh bubbles bouncing in the sunlight. Then melody comes out to get some wipes. She exits her room to find me on top of this girl face down pounding that ass out. She must have been like..."well dayum!". We don't bother to stop. When Melody has gone back to her client, i ask Alana if she is ready. Then i push out a fat nut in the pussy/condom. Fucking awesome. This is a great sexy girl who has a great body and loves to fuck. GFE. Face: 8 (she really looks like Alicia Keys!) Body: 8 (sexy ass girl with a fat ass, see pics) Performance: 8.5 (she loves to fuck and can work that ass) Attitude: 9 (girl was friendly encouraging and loved what she did) Fellas, if you like a sexy juicy latina, add her to the list! Lil Ze 10-03-09, 14:21 Went two days in a row. Saw the same 19yo mexicana. I thought she was hot. Good time. Good price. I'm addicted to young latinas! Peace. New girl coming Monday (hehehehehe) Boonbk 10-03-09, 18:27 Ok, maybe she's not the real Alicia Keys, but dam she look just like her. I went down to Club J to see Melody, but when I got down there she had just entered the room with a client and he took a full half. Now I was on lunch break and I didn't have a long time to wait for her. But there was a new chick here. Alana. So I'm sitting on a lounge chair trying to figure out what I should do, and J is there and this sexy ass new latina is just sitting there looking at me. She had on fishnet stockings, she looked like Alicia Keys on steroids. Thick ass legs and a HUGE ass. So minutes are passing, and I'm just looking at this girl. My dick is like."she's sexy as hell, let's just fuck her! ". J and Alana were thinking the same thing. I really wanted melody but damn, when you got a sexy ass woman just sitting there waiting for you to fuck her. I mean wtf. So I go for it. J excuses himself and she strips. She asks if I want her to take off the fishnet stockings too. I said, no not really. Her thick legs look good in them. So she just gets butt naked othewise and lies on her back on the couch. Damn. I kiss her. Light DFK, very cool. I ask, "do you give head? ". She laughed, "of course I give head, what kind of girl would I be if I didn't". She then begins a fierce CBJ. Good head work, and great tongue work. Didn't even feel like a condom was on. Gets me ready to go and I tell her to lie on her back. She throws her sexy ass legs in the air and puts me in. Feels good, I immediately begin to pound. Her face turns to pleasure and agony. She begins to pant and moan like a puppy getting a rectal exam. I stoke fast, slow, do some dfk, hold myself up, come down for kissing, I enjoy every stroke. Then I put her in straight doggie. I insert myself easily and start pounding right away. I smack the ass and see what she can take. She starts to pant and moan again, this time pushing the ass back on me. I put her to the test. I keep still and let her ride the dick in doggie. She rises to the occasion. She's fucking me. I actually had to stop her because I was gonna nut. I tell her to lie on her stomach. I make sure I have a good position laying on top of her and again I pound that big fat ass she has. I look down at it. It's like 2 flesh bubbles bouncing in the sunlight. Then melody comes out to get some wipes. She exits her room to find me on top of this girl face down pounding that ass out. She must have been like."well dayum! ". We don't bother to stop. When Melody has gone back to her client, I ask Alana if she is ready. Then I push out a fat nut in the pussy/condom. Fucking awesome. This is a great sexy girl who has a great body and loves to fuck. GFE. Face: 8 (she really looks like Alicia Keys!) Body: 8 (sexy ass girl with a fat ass, see pics) Performance: 8.5 (she loves to fuck and can work that ass) Attitude: 9 (girl was friendly encouraging and loved what she did) Fellas, if you like a sexy juicy latina, add her to the list!Thanks for the review. Gtrack 10-05-09, 18:48 This utr provider is Brenda's friend and is a sexy dominican.PM me for details with verifiable contacts and posts Member #4782 10-06-09, 09:39 Ok, maybe she's not the real Alicia Keys, but dam she look just like her..... I went down to Club J to see Melody, but when I got down there she had just entered the room with a client and he took a full half. Now i was on lunch break and I didn't have a long time to wait for her. But there was a new chick here. Alana. So im sitting on a lounge chair trying to figure out what I should do, and J is there and this sexy ass new latina is just sitting there looking at me. She had on fishnet stockings, she looked like Alicia Keys on steroids. Thick ass legs and a HUGE ass. So minutes are passing, and im just looking at this girl. My dick is like...."she's sexy as hell, let's just fuck her!". J and Alana were thinking the same thing. I really wanted melody but damn, when you got a sexy ass woman just sitting there waiting for you to fuck her...i mean wtf. So I go for it. J excuses himself and she strips. She asks if I want her to take off the fishnet stockings too. I said, no not really. Her thick legs look good in them. So she just gets butt naked othewise and lies on her back on the couch. Damn. I kiss her. Light DFK, very cool. I ask, "do you give head?". She laughed, "of course I give head, what kind of girl would I be if I didnt". She then begins a fierce CBJ. Good head work, and great tongue work. Didn't even feel like a condom was on. Gets me ready to go and i tell her to lie on her back. She throws her sexy ass legs in the air and puts me in. Feels good, I immediately begin to pound. Her face turns to pleasure and agony. She begins to pant and moan like a puppy getting a rectal exam. I stoke fast, slow, do some dfk, hold myself up, come down for kissing, i enjoy every stroke. Then i put her in straight doggie. I insert myself easily and start pounding right away. I smack the ass and see what she can take. She starts to pant and moan again, this time pushing the ass back on me. I put her to the test. I keep still and let her ride the dick in doggie. She rises to the occasion. She's fucking me. I actually had to stop her cuz I was gonna nut. I tell her to lie on her stomach. I make sure I have a good position laying on top of her and again I pound that big fat ass she has. I look down at it. It's like 2 flesh bubbles bouncing in the sunlight. Then melody comes out to get some wipes. She exits her room to find me on top of this girl face down pounding that ass out. She must have been like..."well dayum!". We don't bother to stop. When Melody has gone back to her client, i ask Alana if she is ready. Then i push out a fat nut in the pussy/condom. Fucking awesome. This is a great sexy girl who has a great body and loves to fuck. GFE. Face: 8 (she really looks like Alicia Keys!) Body: 8 (sexy ass girl with a fat ass, see pics) Performance: 8.5 (she loves to fuck and can work that ass) Attitude: 9 (girl was friendly encouraging and loved what she did) Fellas, if you like a sexy juicy latina, add her to the list! Her name is Lana, not Alana New pics in the latest ad http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_9829_im_g_f_e_friendly_i_enjoy_g_r3_3k_and_i_love_b_3_3_j_9829_23/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=10244823 Mr Sand Man 10-06-09, 12:23 Waddup fellas. I had the pleasure of seeing this beautiful specimen of a woman on Saturday. She lets me in and all I see is ass! OMFG! I think when god made her he must have fucked the shit outta her after he broke the mold. Anyway we go to the bedroom, we chat for a bit and she tells me she's Dominican. Wow! Now I'm really pumped. She's got tits and ass for day! I strip. Mind you she let me in the spot butt ass naked. I lay in the bed and she begins an awesome BBBJ. I didn't have to give her any instructions whatsoever. I feel a pop commin so I tell her if she keeps that up I'm going to have to return the favor. After about 10 mi urea of this I stop her because I was really close to blowing up in her mouth. Didn't want that. Not with that huge ass begging to be pounded. I strap up and enter from behind. OMG! Her ass was so rediculous that before I entered I worshipped it for about 30-40 seconds. She even made it clap for me while I inspected it. Anyway I'm poundin for dear life! Poundng, and pounding like a madman. She really got into it. She loves to be pounded might I add. I finally let off a huge nut and when I pulled out she asks me what position is next. I told her I'm done sweety. She tells me WOW! That shit was feeling so good, and I was so close to comming. I Apologized for short changing her and promised to return so I could really put that fat ol ass to bed! LMAO! Run fellas she is bangin! I will see her again real soon! Thanks J you da man! Yankee1234 10-07-09, 12:33 Paid a visit to Gina and company in midtown. Picked Alexa and was off and running. Hot body, very sexy, sensual, friendly, very GFE, and a great value for $.4 @ .5 hr. She loved DFK, DATY, followed by a real hard doggie style banging. A sure repeat. Slamasterjay 10-07-09, 19:59 Waddup fellas. I had the pleasure of seeing this beautiful specimen of a woman on Saturday. She lets me in and all I see is ass! OMFG! I think when god made her he must have fucked the shit outta her after he broke the mold. Anyway we go to the bedroom, we chat for a bit and she tells me she's Dominican. Wow! Now I'm really pumped. She's got tits and ass for day! I strip. Mind you she let me in the spot butt ass naked. I lay in the bed and she begins an awesome BBBJ. I didn't have to give her any instructions whatsoever. I feel a pop commin so I tell her if she keeps that up I'm going to have to return the favor. After about 10 mi urea of this I stop her because I was really close to blowing up in her mouth. Didn't want that. Not with that huge ass begging to be pounded. I strap up and enter from behind. OMG! Her ass was so rediculous that before I entered I worshipped it for about 30-40 seconds. She even made it clap for me while I inspected it. Anyway I'm poundin for dear life! Poundng, and pounding like a madman. She really got into it. She loves to be pounded might I add. I finally let off a huge nut and when I pulled out she asks me what position is next. I told her I'm done sweety. She tells me WOW! That shit was feeling so good, and I was so close to comming. I Apologized for short changing her and promised to return so I could really put that fat ol ass to bed! LMAO! Run fellas she is bangin! I will see her again real soon! Thanks J you da man! Great Review! I called and she seems to be available during the evening into the late night hours. I believe this is a pic of her. Member #4782 10-08-09, 17:03 Anybody know anything about this chick? ROSA NATURAL 36DD'S ONLY 19 AVAILABLE NOW 347 465 4529 347 465 4529 http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_sexxy_dark_latina_veryy_busty_available_now_midtown_west_40_s_/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=10283737 Bmore718 10-08-09, 17:50 Http://newyork. Backpage.com/femaleescorts/_new_1o0_real_pics_1o0_satisfaction_guaranteed_9733_19/classifieds/viewad? Oid=10281044 Ok, ok, ok had to run some errands and do some shit in manhattan, was emailing acebandit back and forth, knew I was gonna be here for a while, why not go tap something? Looked up backpage to see what's around the area been peeping at this mix chick allison for the past couple weeks, I like lightskin chicks. I don't know there's something about them! She was on so I decided to take the trip, funny thing was it was just 4-5 blocks away, so that's an easy walk. Called her number she picks up! She possibly has the softest voice you can hear on the phone. Told her I was going for the half $150 I was already horny! I walk to the apartment, she opens the door, oh my laaaawwwwwd! Was already dressed in some black lingerie, panties an bra. Nice 5'5" frame nice soft long hair, cute smile our eye contact was furocious, I put her body close to mine, smooth butter soft skin, and the ass was baby soft! Her body was tight! I'm thinking she works out I couldn't help but kiss her, and she's a good kisser, we started with some lfk, I was going for some dfk, but she likes it slow she tells me. So we continue kissing, and I'm slowly undressing her, unhooked her bra, and it was like her tits bounced out, crazy. I started rubbing her breast, then began sucking her nipples were pretty hard so I'm thinking she's ready! She then dropped her panties, and I have her a nice firm smack on the asss. We lay on the bed, she begins with a very wet bbj was like she was saving up saliva for this one! She begins kissing my dick all over, then starts bobbing up and down slowly, she pulls up and drools aaallll over my dick, then begins licking the shaft, drool gets on her chin, I'm enjoying this! LOL then she proceeds to licking and sucking my balls she puts both balls in her mouth and starts pulling them! Then she goes back to my member intense bobbing, like she wanted me to cum quickly, We go on to DATY I layed her on her back, and digged in (literally! ) I gave her my 2 magical fingers, within a couple minutes are legs were scrambling around, put my tongue in there, and it was over! Moaning, grabbing the pillows you name it. Flipped that ass over and proceeded to doggy, put her head against the wall and she arched that back, that pussy was too tight, started banging her slowly, she was instantly wet! Was giving her loooong strokes, she had her eyes closed, grabbing the pillows! I started poundin that soft ass out, full force! Her legs started elevating, and found their way to my hips! LOL I pushed her head deep in the pillow while I was beatin that ass, you could hear her moan in the pillow. Then went into missionary, pussy was still feeling good and tight, was going hard on missionary poundin that shit out, she puts her arms on my shoulders and her legs around my hips, a great feeling, then she told me "put my legs on your shoulders, I like it that way" like I was gonna say no. Put those legs on my shoulders and plowed the pussy. Afterwards I wanted to finish on this sexy chick, pulled off the jimmy I laid her on her back, she began giving me a nice finishing bbj, I pulled out jerked a little, then nutted on her face, it was a pretty good amount some got on her eye, some got on her nose, and the rest I rubbed it against her lips. Very nice sexy lightkin chick which I believe is undiscovered! She a straight freak up and down, and she willing to prove it! She has amazing potential! Face: 8 beautiful smile Body 8: I love lightskin, I think she's black and persian, a delisious mix! Tight, tight, tight, tight, body, perky youthful tits and I seriously think she works out. Booty: 8 nice and tight, pussy was tight too Attitude: 8 sweet girl, accomadating, great potential Performance: 8 had me asking for more! She is regular material! Bmore Gtrack 10-08-09, 21:57 If you have 40 or more posts Pm me for info on Amanda light skinned dominican Mr Sand Man 10-09-09, 12:59 Anybody know anything about this chick? ROSA NATURAL 36DD'S ONLY 19 AVAILABLE NOW 347 465 4529 347 465 4529 http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_sexxy_dark_latina_veryy_busty_available_now_midtown_west_40_s_/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=10283737Let me tell you this much Mark. There is absolutely nothing Latina about her. She is black my friend. Like alot of these so called latinas you ask them to tale dirty to you in Spanish and they don't know shit to save their ass. Member #4782 10-10-09, 11:53 Let me tell you this much Mark. There is absolutely nothing Latina about her. She is black my friend. Like alot of these so called latinas you ask them to tale dirty to you in Spanish and they don't know shit to save their ass. I woudln't care if she was martian. I want to fuck her juicy ass, just checking if anyone has done her yet. If she had a decent rate and an incall i cna get to, i may break her in for ya. Bmore718 10-11-09, 09:51 Anybody know anything about this chick? ROSA NATURAL 36DD'S ONLY 19 AVAILABLE NOW 347 465 4529 347 465 4529 http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_sexxy_dark_latina_veryy_busty_available_now_midtown_west_40_s_/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=10283737She looks black to me. Gtrack 10-11-09, 22:44 I spoke with this sexy dominican milf earlier and she is doing 2 girl specials. PM me for details Bmore718 10-12-09, 21:56 http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=65 Bmore718 10-12-09, 21:57 http://newyork. Backpage.com/femaleescorts/_best_he_d_s_p_e_c_i_a_l_i_s_t_lots_of_spit_always_xxxtra_s_l_o_pp_y_21/classifieds/viewad? Oid=10326581 Awwww man, awww man, awwwwwwwwwwww man! Let me tell you something! Of all the great reviews I seen of this chick, she is the reeeaaaal deal! My god, for the past week, I had my eye on this chick, been saving up my chips too. This unemployment thing feels real good! Sit on my ass, and get paid should of got fired loooong ago. Called up, set up the hour 200. Waiting a good 15mins so they can get ready, then she called me up. She opens the door, I was speechless! She is a model! She has to be, I never seen someone so beautiful doing this! LOL I had to ask her! "what's a fine girl like you doing here? " her reply, "I love to please, I'm a freak." Wow! The most beautiful face, absoloutley gorgoeous! Rating she's a 15! The ass was huge! Especially for a chick like her, I had to feel it! I get undress, then I undress her, I unstrap her bra, and her tities just bounce out! Nice soft succulant tities, real big! Nice soft skin, decent height 5'6-5'7 I turn her around, I start kissing her neck softly, then kissing down her back, I hug her from behind and start humping her, you should of seen the smile on my face! We move over to the bed, and I lay back and chill. By just looking at her, my dick was hard. She runs her hands up and down my leg, she begins liking my shaft, then sucking my balls, she spit on my dick to add more moisture for the bbj, sucking at a pretty good pace. I can hear her mouth gurgling, she pulls up for air, and drools a huge load of spit on top of my dick, pretty much there was a wet spot on the bed, where my balls were. I'm in love! Slipped on the jimmy, and went in doggy, pussy felt real good, those backshots looked lovely, was hittin that shit real goood, they started looking back at me, "fuck me, fuck me harder! " I think she was enjoying this, but for sure I was enjoying this! I grabbed her hair, and began pounding real hard, no she was getting louder, "oooohh yeaaaa fuck this pussy, yeah fuck this pussy" I was sweating like a dog, I had to stop, this good cardio though. Flipped her over, missionary, dipped in that nice wet pussy, was stroking her slowly. Intense dfk tongue on tongue action, eye contact pretty good, I continue stroking, she pulls my body close to her. Oh my, I felt a little tingle in my body after that, I was a changed man, LOL I was getting exhausted, so I wanted to hit her with my finishing move I pulled out, I pull off the jimmy, I lay back while she's giving me a bbj, I tell her to suck my balls, while I give her, her present I busted a huge nut in her mouth, was dripping out a little, felt satisfied. Face: 10 you have to see for yourself perfection at its best. Body: 9 very young, early 20's model type body, soft skin. Performance: 9 top notch, loves to fuck, she was born for this, will make you sweat a gift to the game. Attitude: 9 very sweet sensual chick, great personality, sexually ready! Fellas I have seen the promise land! This chick is a flat out model, I have no clue why she is providing, but I'm happy she is. She's the hot chick you could never get in real life, now she's at club j waiting to be pounced on. My advice, see her! Lil Ze 10-13-09, 16:17 Wnet Friday night to whats becoming one of my favorite spots. The chinatown latina house. They had a decent mexican girl about 21 and they had an asian mid 30's. I wanted to see the mexican girl so I waited. The whole time the asian girl was motioning for me to go with her. Nah, you KNOW I must have my latinas (love mexicans), so I go in the room with the latina. She asks me (in spanish) if I'm "big". I say yes. She says let me see. She walks over and starts stroking my dick. She says no, too big. So I'm like ok, if shes not going to be into it my time won't be the best. I get my 60 beans back. The girl explains that I'm too big. Then the asian girl wants to see also. So I go back into the room with both girls, and the asian girl starts stroking my dick. At this point I would have done the asian woman, but she also said I was too big. So I had some Chinese wine with the Chinese guys that were eating and playing cards there, then left. Then went out to BK saw TAMMI for a great BBBJCIM for.30. Then Monday, knowing a new chica would be at the chinatown spot, I went back to the chinatown spot. They had a 20 yo mexican girl, dyde blonde hair, decent body. Turns out she's the sister of SUSY, the fine ass mexican girl who was the two weeks ago. She's not as hot as susy, but still nice. Started with a nice CBJ, then mish, flipped her over, and finished off that way. I'm SO dam addicted to fresh of the boat latinas. She said she gets half of the 60. So if I could get a few of these latinas outside of this place, I could probably have a nice little latina party at a great price. Member #4782 10-14-09, 00:14 First I find that Honey Danielz is doing $60 quickies. Then someone points out she got this in a recent ad: "My Session Are As Follows: Incalls Gfe 100 Hh 200 H Pse Everything BB 150 Hh 300 Hh I Do Accomidate Overnight Stays You Must Host 2000 Overnight " Everything BB??? Ok, this chick either got a disease or she's on crack. I aint touchin that. PLAY IT AT YOU'RE OWN RISK Yankee1234 10-14-09, 10:43 Saw Amanda the other day in midtown- definitely a sexy, dominican MILF. She's friendly, accomodating, and a great value at $ for.5 hr. She had on a sexy outfit that screaned "fuck me hard", high heels, lingerie etc.. Very talented BBBJ, I almost blew my load but held out for some hard pounding mish. Her friend was around too, and she's hot too. Will have to tap her next time. A repeat for sure, maybe a threesome. Real Ron Iron 10-15-09, 21:39 I met Amanda over a year back after being introduced to her Latina spot a long time ago. She quit hoing for a long time during that period. When business got slow she was ready to fuck again. I was probably the first to break her back into it. We did it up in the Bronx at one of her girls spot. She was an absolute nympho and was doing everything to please (despite at the time she refused to do BBBJ). Now for all those than seen Amanda, yall really need to ask about her bangin young Dominican homegirl named Jessie. This girl had a tight ass and perky D cup tits. Very cute face with braces. Anybody that visits Amanda lately please ask about Jessie for me. Whittney25 10-16-09, 20:41 Hello, I have numerous reports posted here from my home city of Anchorage, Alaska, but I will be in mid-town Manhattan all next week and I was looking for some recommendations. I prefer reliable independent massage providers and escorts. Fetish providers as well. I'm trying to avoid AMPs and big services. I would greatly appreciate any recommendations or any advice anyone had for me. thanks, W Real Ron Iron 10-17-09, 04:30 I got two massage girls that do extras that I can hook you up with. Just send me a PM for pics and details. Tazdude 10-20-09, 20:00 Wnet Friday night to whats becoming one of my favorite spots. The chinatown latina house. They had a decent mexican girl about 21 and they had an asian mid 30's. I wanted to see the mexican girl so I waited. The whole time the asian girl was motioning for me to go with her. Nah, you KNOW I must have my latinas (love mexicans), so I go in the room with the latina. She asks me (in spanish) if I'm "big". I say yes. She says let me see. She walks over and starts stroking my dick. She says no, too big. So I'm like ok, if shes not going to be into it my time won't be the best. I get my 60 beans back. The girl explains that I'm too big. Then the asian girl wants to see also. So I go back into the room with both girls, and the asian girl starts stroking my dick. At this point I would have done the asian woman, but she also said I was too big. So I had some Chinese wine with the Chinese guys that were eating and playing cards there, then left. Then went out to BK saw TAMMI for a great BBBJCIM for.30. Then Monday, knowing a new chica would be at the chinatown spot, I went back to the chinatown spot. They had a 20 yo mexican girl, dyde blonde hair, decent body. Turns out she's the sister of SUSY, the fine ass mexican girl who was the two weeks ago. She's not as hot as susy, but still nice. Started with a nice CBJ, then mish, flipped her over, and finished off that way. I'm SO dam addicted to fresh of the boat latinas. She said she gets half of the 60. So if I could get a few of these latinas outside of this place, I could probably have a nice little latina party at a great price.Where is this place Latina house I am going to NY tomorrow until Friday. Thansk in advance Shak Deez 10-24-09, 15:02 I noticed that there have been alot of porn stars posting on Bp these days. Has the recession affected the porn industry? That's a billion dollar industry man. Or do these hoes have the monster lmao? I saw the famous crystal clear today on bp manhattan I've seen honey daniels and janet jacme post there as well. I know cats that have smashed honey so I know its legit. The market has truely opened up for a monger where we can put the street hoes down and live out our fantasies with big screen hoes. Real Ron Iron 10-24-09, 21:28 Sweet little Harlem girl lives in the projects only 4 blocks and 2 avenues down. She is my favorite ripe age of 19yo. Sucks dick like a pro and has a lovely plump ass. She is currently my favorite girl and most favorite. Pussy is always tight, hot and wet. Pussy is too good actually cant last more than 5 minutes inside. Full GFE and was very responsive to DFK. She is very negotiable with the rates and doesnt clockwatch. However she will hit you up on the regular via text, so if you see her and thats a problem let her know up front. She uses the name Kim but I gave her the nickname Kirby for her babyface. I give all the girls I like a new nickname. She used to post up on Backpage working for some pimp. Not sure if she is still with him or not. But I doubt it much now because before I hit her up and asked to pick her up she refused. Now recently after trying her she always wants me to get her and seems to be available all the time. I am going to ask her if she is still in contact with that lightskin girl in the picture. I went to her building and saw her walking out with some lightskin girl that might have been her. Real Ron Iron 10-25-09, 01:34 I noticed that there have been alot of porn stars posting on Bp these days. Has the recession affected the porn industry? That's a billion dollar industry man. Or do these hoes have the monster lmao? I saw the famous crystal clear today on bp manhattan I've seen honey daniels and janet jacme post there as well. I know cats that have smashed honey so I know its legit. The market has truely opened up for a monger where we can put the street hoes down and live out our fantasies with big screen hoes.I think the DVD Porn Industry is a complete bust! They cant sell the DVDs as much as they want to. First off they used to make crazy dough before because Porn was a major taboo. Now its so open its nothing special anymore. People trade their porn collections with their children and pastor these days. Second the internet has made it very difficult for them to make the same huge profits over 10 years ago. Almost any scene out there you can find on some website somewhere. The piracy of their content is outrageous. The fact that its smut law officials are not going to really help them stop it. With that in mind, studios are not paying these chicks crazy dough like they used to. More women are open to doing it and the quality of available talent has increased dramatically. Also nobody seems to care which chick is doing what, as long as the chick looks good. So one chick making a name for themselves is not that easy. Also if they are smart they are better of hoing and doing Strip Club appearances. Thats where they can get steady income. Studios pay about $500 to $2000 for scenes and most cases the girls do 3-4 different scenes on the same day for that same amount of pay. After gaining some name for themselves they can easily start hoing and get close to $500 hr since they got a title as porn star now and got a few vids to get people interested. Lil Ze 10-25-09, 01:58 I just got back. Nice mexicana,about 19, nice body,super tits, great cbj, very tight pussy,very friendly. Really a nice time. Let's just say there have been some changes. Not chica wise, but in other aspects. I'll be back, Monday (new girl). I'm just so dam addicted to fotb mexicanas. TexasMonger 10-25-09, 08:12 Sweet little Harlem girl lives in the projects only 4 blocks and 2 avenues down. She is my favorite ripe age of 19yo. Sucks dick like a pro and has a lovely plump ass..This Kirby Kim has a one fine ass. Hey Ron, is she fluent in Greek as well? Cheers TM Gtrack 10-25-09, 18:04 This light skinned dominican provider is looking for new friends. PM me for info.People with verifiable references please Real Ron Iron 10-25-09, 22:45 This Kirby Kim has a one fine ass.....Hey Ron, is she fluent in Greek as well? Cheers TMLittle Kirby I have a feeling would do it. I will work on putting my cock in her ass next time I see her. But the pussy is so good I dont think I will remember next time, LOL! Kelvinb 10-26-09, 18:25 Just got into New York if someone could PM with the location to the Chinatown Chica Spot that would be cool. Lil Ze 10-27-09, 14:34 Went Monday to se a new chica. 24 yo mexicana. Not bad looking. Probably the most mechanical time I've had there so far. But believe me, I got my moneys worth (hehehehhehehehhehehehehhehe). Long CBJ, rode me cowgirl, then mish. I REALLY pounded her. I'll probably wait till next week, when they get a new chica, to go again. I just like them a little younger, and more it to it, than she was. Peace! Maxx Danger 10-29-09, 00:05 Hey Guys, Would someone PM me and let me know where this place is. Thanks Yankee1234 10-29-09, 13:22 This midtown place continues to offer real GFE value with some hot Latinos. Went for Paula this time and was treated to some great BBBJ, DFK, DATY, and a good hard mish that left her screaming. She's blond, nice body, on the short side, with a great ass and 36Ds. She luvs to wear lingerie/heels too, if you like that, which I do. Can't wait for my next visit. Real Ron Iron 10-29-09, 21:42 This midtown place continues to offer real GFE value with some hot Latinos. Went for Paula this time and was treated to some great BBBJ, DFK, DATY, and a good hard mish that left her screaming. She's blond, nice body, on the short side, with a great ass and 36Ds. She luvs to wear lingerie/heels too, if you like that, which I do. Can't wait for my next visit. Does this place advertise anywhere or you got the backdoor hookup? Real Ron Iron 10-30-09, 20:57 I been trying to link up with this girl since summer 2007. She was always real flaky, never responding back, number was always off. Then last year she started to come around and post like crazy on CL with her girlfriend Kim. The times I was ready to see her she would be playing games with the rates. So plenty of times I just said forget it to say try another time. Started to hit her up recently on Yahoo and since she worked for a few agencies ClubJ to be exact she been quoting the ubiquitous agency rates of 150half / 200hour. Asked her if she could do any better but she stayed firm on the rate, so I passed once again. Randomly last night I decided to text her to see whats up. Things went down same as before but I agreed to 100 "quickie." Needed to close on some old contacts so I said fuck it. Told her I could pick her up she agreed and meet me half way. Met up with her and she was just as expected only taller than I imagined. She is about 5'7" slim joint. Fast forward to my place and she starts to get undressed slowly. This girl is the dream EBT, absolute definition. I could stop looking at her big ass glossy lips. My dick was harder than a brick wall at that point. I already knew whatever went down wasn't going to last longer than 5 minutes, LOL! She stripped down to nothing but a pair of spandex shorts she had as underwear, which she describes as "Spanky Pants." Parted with my shorts and her eyes lit up looking at my dick. Walked over to the bed and immediately she grabbed my dick and started sucking it. Very good head skills and you can tell she is one of them girls that used to suck her thumb a lot. Very nice view of her big juicy lips wrapped around my dick. I had to stop her otherwise she would have been swallowing cum in a matter of seconds. Pulled down her Spanky Pants to get a look at her pussy. Sweet little pussy she had, couldn't resist to kiss and taste it. She was surprised as I licked her pussy from behind. Laid her on her stomach with ass up. Kissed and licked her neck, she was getting real hot from that. Pussy juices were flowing heavily. Slipped my dick in her and she was moaning uncontrollably. Her pussy was too tight and wet I knew this wasnt going to last long. Lifted her up in doggie to pound away before I exploded. Signature on the bunz as usual. Instantly I knew I loved this sweet little girl. She is definitely on the top of my list of EBT girls. Got dressed then dropped her off at Big Mama's house. She reached over to kiss me before I left her. Last touch of those sweet lips to remind me. I told her I would see her tomorrow! LOL! If you like slim joints she needs to be on the top of your list. Tall slim and got a nice plump booty. Im Going In 10-31-09, 10:48 Sweet little Harlem girl lives in the projects only 4 blocks and 2 avenues down. She is my favorite ripe age of 19yo. Sucks dick like a pro and has a lovely plump ass. She is currently my favorite girl and most favorite. Pussy is always tight, hot and wet. Pussy is too good actually cant last more than 5 minutes inside. Full GFE and was very responsive to DFK. She is very negotiable with the rates and doesnt clockwatch. However she will hit you up on the regular via text, so if you see her and thats a problem let her know up front. She uses the name Kim but I gave her the nickname Kirby for her babyface. I give all the girls I like a new nickname. She used to post up on Backpage working for some pimp. Not sure if she is still with him or not. But I doubt it much now because before I hit her up and asked to pick her up she refused. Now recently after trying her she always wants me to get her and seems to be available all the time. I am going to ask her if she is still in contact with that lightskin girl in the picture. I went to her building and saw her walking out with some lightskin girl that might have been her.Do. You have contact info for this one? Darkmanxxx 10-31-09, 19:01 Figured i'd try out a couple of spots today (2 fer), so with a little help from a blue pill, I stopped by an Asian spot in Midtown. I got the number from the Village Voice, called from outside, they buzzed me in and I went up to the 2nd floor. I saw a cute Chinese chick named Natalie. She had a nice petite toned body, blondish highlights, great tits with really long nipples and a great demeanor. She asked if i wanted a maseage, i told her later and she proceeded to give me a great CBJ. After a few minutes i had to stop her or I was going to nut in her mouth, and she got on top of me. She hooked her legs to the inside of my thighs and rode my dick like a superstar! Guys, she's good. We fucked like this for a while, with her moaning and grinding on my dick and she came first then me afterwards. Gdamn! She's good. Wipedown, cuddle, then a really good massage. $200/hr was steep in my opinion, but worth it today. Only issue is that she alllowed only 1 pop in the hour, but again, this chick was worth it. Natalie's face is a 8, body a 8 (more if you like petite girls, I usually dont but every now and again, I get an urge) Took care of my business downtown NYC and was ready for round two. Called the number and ended up seeing Judy of the 'Pink' girls. She's Hungarian, blonde, GREAT body and very much a GFE. She started me off with a CBJ before I even got all of my clothes off, a lot of cooing, moaning and touching, with special attention to the twins. I was straddling her and playing with her clit as she did her thing, then I banged her out in 3 different positions before satiisfaction again. She was very happy. Judy's face is a 7, Body a 8 and service a 9. Today was a good day. Happy hunting, happy halloween and stay safe, fellas! Maxx Danger 11-01-09, 09:40 Hey Playas, Pipe Layas, Make the Girlie's toes spread in da aya! Had an awesome time last night with a new provider. I don't know about you guys, but when I'm on the prowl, and I've stopped by the ATM and I got my paper to play, sometimes I feel that it may be a wasted effort. Since there really isn't any standardized quality control of the providers, it is always hit or miss. Now for me, it's been mostly hit and last night did not disappoint. I called up this girlie that advertises on BP. Let's just say she is a friend of Melody's. Anyway, I had heard so much about Melody, but she was not in casa last night. So I went for what seemed like the second round draft pick. I called her up and she told me where to go. I jumped on the 6 and was there in a minute. I then made the confirming call. She asked that she be given a few to shower and refresh (Oh I love a clean, fresh kitty). So I waited about 10 minutes then called again. Got up to the apartment located in the 30's. It's really nice and we moved into a private room. I must say she was absolutely hot. About 5'2" shapely. And what a nice scrumptious azz. She has nice, smooth brown skin with pretty eyes and a drop-dead smile. I passed her the dutchie and we got to business.<br <br I started sucking on the tetas, which I could tell were recently showered. Moans began slowly, but increased (she was not acting). She told me I was making her horny (music to a mongers ears). She then jumped on the bed and began blowing me like Winton Marsalis at Lincoln Center. It was deep, wet, and warm. I had to stop her because I almost blasted out the back of her head. She then capped me and we went mish. OMG! So Warm! So Tight! She moaned so much! Then she started talking to me in Spanish. I couldn't quite hold it too much longer. I then switched up to K9 and finished there. She told me that that was fun and that she liked our chemistry. And oh her sweet kisses and those soft lips. To die for. Oh I for got. Before we went mish, I did a little DATY. My GOODNESS. She tasted like a combination between a fresh shower and candy. Man, I'm getting wood right now just thinking about it. Anyway, we cleaned up and chatted and kissed for a while. I only did a half, but will do a full hour next time. She is definitely a keeper and could be an ATF. I just had to tell you guys. Now I don't know if I want to share, because you know when we mongers find a keeper we sometimes want to keep her to ourselves. But I'll tell you this, if you read my post, I left clues. 'nuf said 'til next time! Maxx Real Ron Iron 11-01-09, 11:32 Hey Guys, Would someone PM me and let me know where this place is. Thanks ~~~~~~~~~ $60 ~~~~~~~~~ Pretty Spanish ~~~~~~~~~ posted: November 1, 2009, 09:45 AM Reply: click here (646)306-4011. 165 East Broadway. Train F to East Broasway stop, right by the train station.  Location: Manhattan Chinatown http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_60_pretty_spanish_/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=8786222 Maxx Danger 11-01-09, 12:13 ~~~~~~~~~ $60 ~~~~~~~~~ Pretty Spanish ~~~~~~~~~ posted: November 1, 2009, 09:45 AM Reply: click here (646)306-4011. 165 East Broadway. Train F to East Broasway stop, right by the train station.  Location: Manhattan Chinatown http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_60_pretty_spanish_/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=8786222I think this is the place because I called and a guy (apparently Asian) answered. His exact words were, and I quote:"Girlie, girlie; f**cky, f**cky!" So it was safe to assume that I had not dialed the local Chinese food restaurant by mistake. LOL I haven't gone yet as I have been on a search for a regular provider, but I may go at some time in the future. Stay tuned for a report. Likemike 11-01-09, 16:27 Hey Playas, Pipe Layas, Make the Girlie's toes spread in da aya! Had an awesome time last night with a new provider. I don't know about you guys, but when I'm on the prowl, and I've stopped by the ATM and I got my paper to play, sometimes I feel that it may be a wasted effort. Since there really isn't any standardized quality control of the providers, it is always hit or miss. Now for me, it's been mostly hit and last night did not disappoint. I called up this girlie that advertises on BP. Let's just say she is a friend of Melody's. Anyway, I had heard so much about Melody, but she was not in casa last night. So I went for what seemed like the second round draft pick. I called her up and she told me where to go. I jumped on the 6 and was there in a minute. I then made the confirming call. She asked that she be given a few to shower and refresh (Oh I love a clean, fresh kitty). So I waited about 10 minutes then called again. Got up to the apartment located in the 30's. It's really nice and we moved into a private room. I must say she was absolutely hot. About 5'2" shapely. And what a nice scrumptious azz. She has nice, smooth brown skin with pretty eyes and a drop-dead smile. I passed her the dutchie and we got to business.<br <br I started sucking on the tetas, which I could tell were recently showered. Moans began slowly, but increased (she was not acting). She told me I was making her horny (music to a mongers ears). She then jumped on the bed and began blowing me like Winton Marsalis at Lincoln Center. It was deep, wet, and warm. I had to stop her because I almost blasted out the back of her head. She then capped me and we went mish. OMG! So Warm! So Tight! She moaned so much! Then she started talking to me in Spanish. I couldn't quite hold it too much longer. I then switched up to K9 and finished there. She told me that that was fun and that she liked our chemistry. And oh her sweet kisses and those soft lips. To die for. Oh I for got. Before we went mish, I did a little DATY. My GOODNESS. She tasted like a combination between a fresh shower and candy. Man, I'm getting wood right now just thinking about it. Anyway, we cleaned up and chatted and kissed for a while. I only did a half, but will do a full hour next time. She is definitely a keeper and could be an ATF. I just had to tell you guys. Now I don't know if I want to share, because you know when we mongers find a keeper we sometimes want to keep her to ourselves. But I'll tell you this, if you read my post, I left clues. 'nuf said 'til next time! MaxxSo I got that she is spanish, but there are a few spanish girls there, any more clues? Im Going In 11-01-09, 17:12 Hey Playas, Pipe Layas, Make the Girlie's toes spread in da aya! Had an awesome time last night with a new provider. I don't know about you guys, but when I'm on the prowl, and I've stopped by the ATM and I got my paper to play, sometimes I feel that it may be a wasted effort. Since there really isn't any standardized quality control of the providers, it is always hit or miss. Now for me, it's been mostly hit and last night did not disappoint. I called up this girlie that advertises on BP. Let's just say she is a friend of Melody's. Anyway, I had heard so much about Melody, but she was not in casa last night. So I went for what seemed like the second round draft pick. I called her up and she told me where to go. I jumped on the 6 and was there in a minute. I then made the confirming call. She asked that she be given a few to shower and refresh (Oh I love a clean, fresh kitty). So I waited about 10 minutes then called again. Got up to the apartment located in the 30's. It's really nice and we moved into a private room. I must say she was absolutely hot. About 5'2" shapely. And what a nice scrumptious azz. She has nice, smooth brown skin with pretty eyes and a drop-dead smile. I passed her the dutchie and we got to business.<br <br I started sucking on the tetas, which I could tell were recently showered. Moans began slowly, but increased (she was not acting). She told me I was making her horny (music to a mongers ears). She then jumped on the bed and began blowing me like Winton Marsalis at Lincoln Center. It was deep, wet, and warm. I had to stop her because I almost blasted out the back of her head. She then capped me and we went mish. OMG! So Warm! So Tight! She moaned so much! Then she started talking to me in Spanish. I couldn't quite hold it too much longer. I then switched up to K9 and finished there. She told me that that was fun and that she liked our chemistry. And oh her sweet kisses and those soft lips. To die for. Oh I for got. Before we went mish, I did a little DATY. My GOODNESS. She tasted like a combination between a fresh shower and candy. Man, I'm getting wood right now just thinking about it. Anyway, we cleaned up and chatted and kissed for a while. I only did a half, but will do a full hour next time. She is definitely a keeper and could be an ATF. I just had to tell you guys. Now I don't know if I want to share, because you know when we mongers find a keeper we sometimes want to keep her to ourselves. But I'll tell you this, if you read my post, I left clues. 'nuf said 'til next time! MaxxWas this Cassie or should I guess again Slamasterjay 11-04-09, 13:05 Thanks to Mark for the great report(s). I've been to club j once, and it was awesome. I can't wait to get back. But this board needs good info, good and bad, and although Nya's pics were stellar, I will probably go for some others before her. That's what we're here for and I for one appreciate the HEADs up (pun intended.) Anyone see Adriana yet? PCAdriana is working today! http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/hot_and_sexy_latina_adriana_back_by_popular_demand_100_real_pictures_22/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=10950372 Lil Ze 11-06-09, 16:16 Went Thursday saw same pretty chica (last report I put up I put in the club j section. My mistake), I saw last time. Pretty girl, ice cold performance. After I was still "hungry", so I went on a mission to the other chica spot out in queens. They had a sweet 20yo mexicana. Very nice body and tits. Very into it from the start. Really rode the hell out of me. Tight pussy. Sweet girl. Same setup as the chinatown spot. Mods feel free to move the post I wrongly placed in the club j thread. It was meant for the manhattan escorts thread. Real Ron Iron 11-08-09, 04:07 Hooked up with Park and Pervio the other night to do a mini gangbang with Kirby Kim. The times I met up with her she was a very shy little girl. However she definitely turned into a superfreak during the gangbang. Each of us rotated between getting head and sticking that pussy. She was moaning like crazy to get fucked. Each time with a dick in her mouth. Her head skills are definitely on point and she has absolutely ZERO gag reflexes. You can just shove her face down on your cock and fuck her face balls deep. She doesn't even need to come up for air. Pervio set it off with the first cum shot all over her face. This girl was almost completely covered. She hopped on Parks dick to do some cowgirl until he got up and splashed all over her face and tits. Last but not least I flipped her over in doggie and almost broke the couch pounding her. Pulled out and creamed her face to fill in the spots that were left. Afterwards her face was completely covered with cum. She was very pleased with the clear and beautiful skin she would have the next morning. Will upload a few clips I took of her once I edit it. She was a lot of fun and plan to mix it up in the future with 2-3 girls and a couple of guys. Anybody looking to get down next time around just hit me up. Real Ron Iron 11-09-09, 02:22 A few pix that Park took as I was banging Kirby and breaking the damn couch. Looking to get a new girl to join Kirby for the next Gang Bang. Currently talking to Chipmunk to see if she wants to get down since she is cool eating some pussy. Might do a little ad hoc meeting tomorrow after a monger offered up his place after 10pm. Lil Ze 11-10-09, 15:58 Went Sunday. To the other chica spot downtown (I love having multiple chica spots). Saw a pretty 20yo from tabasco mexico. VERY full see tits, nice ass. Started with a GREAT CBJ (I though I was gonna bust), then hard mish, then she got on top, rode the hell out of me, then I hit it from the back HARD, and busted a fat nut (heheheehheehe). Then Monday (after going to a 30 dollar chica spot in yonkers-see my report there), I went to my normal chica spot downtown and saw a 25 yo. Pretty, obvious kids, good lay. But should have went and saw what the other spot had. But she was real friendly. I really got to chill out with this shit (yeah right), I'm almost broke, and am still thinking about buying more mexicana p*ssy. I'm a totally f*cking addicted to mexicanas FOTB. Peace DoubleThink79 11-11-09, 19:14 Wrong thread. Locodeliciozo 11-12-09, 13:19 Lil Ze, Can you pm me info on the chica place in China town? Thanks! Lil Ze 11-12-09, 20:37 Went to the other chinatown spot. After I got there atleast 9 hispanic dudes got there after me. Then one Chinese dude who came after me tryed to jump ahead of me. Then the girl a super fine 23 yo from Costa Rica, was like "no, no negro to big blah, blah, blah". She was real hot super flat stomach, nice be cups, preety face. So after the Chinese dude running the place talks to her, and I talk to her I spanish, she says ok. The Chinese dude who tried to jump me had to pull his pants back up and leave the room. While all this was happening, the day laboueres were alll trying to get a look at the chica. It was crazy. Finally I get I the room, she starts with an AMAZING CBJ, almost like she was trying to go extra deep, so she wouldn't have to screw me for too long. She really gave a great CBJ, because she got on top, and I was done really before, I would have liked to finish. But it was still a great time, despite all of the guys there, the ***** trying to reject me, and the Chinese dude trying to jump me. Atleast I didn't have to follow 9 dudes though. Peace. Maxx Danger 11-14-09, 11:12 Yesterday I was trying all day to find a provider. I don't know about you guys, but I put a lot of research into selecting what I call our "welcome distractions": I find a name or it's referred to me through this site and I try to get as much information as I can before the dollars start to fly. Well, it was coming towards the end of the day and I hadn't found anyone so I was about to wrap it up when, as a last ditch effort, I reviewed my past PM's. Well in them I found Brenda's information. I said what the heck, so I called her number no answer! I called about 4 times over a 2 hour period with no success. Finally on my last call she answered. We exchanged pleasantries and I made the appointment. She lives in one of the outer boroughs in a six-floor walk-up. I'm so glad that I put in regular time at the gym. Anyway as usual, I'm a bit nervous, plus it's my first time seeing her and I don't know what to expect. Well I get up to her apt. And she is gorgeous. She's an older Spanish woman (from Colombia), but very well-preserved. She has on a fishnet dress through which you could see her panties and bra. The outfit shows off her nicely shaped body, including her ample a%$. I begin to feel a "Hulking-out" in my pants. We get business out of the way and she asks if I want to watch a movie. I say sure and she pops in some porn: I think it was Mandingo layin pipe to some Latina. I thought, "Cool, Mandingo is my wingman today," LOL So we start with some nice DFK. Her lips are so soft. We slowly peel each others clothing off and move to the bed. She gets on top of me (she is not a shy woman at all) and starts kissing and grinding into me like a real woman should. She really knows what she is doing and how a man should be pleased. She kisses my chest and begins the trip down south but then stops I get an alcohol spray-down, which dampens the moment a bit, but not by much. She continues her trip down my body and finally arrives at the South Pole and starts licking it like it's a blow-pop. I hear a snap, crackle and pop but it's just the sound of my toes starting to curl up. She then takes me whole and starts sucking me like a Hoover vacuum. She's sucking so hard and so good, I feel the mattress going up my a$#. LOL Now she's not just doing some mechanical head bob, but this is porn-star quality: massaging the balls, slurping, deepthroating and she is into it and really loving it no acting here. This goes on for about 40 minutes Oh Joy! She then caps me and we move to K9 where I give her a few "pounds of flesh" 217 pounds, that is LOL. She is very wet and throws it back just as hard as I give it out. We are going at it with lots of grunts, moans, groans and cuss words. Now I'm not necessarily that verbal during my sessions, but she brought out the beast in me. She has a mirror near the bed and I watch in amazement as she throws back that a#$. What a site. (I'm catching some real wood now just thinking about it). She turns over and we go mish with the same sweaty, animal intensity. I put her legs up and to the wall for some John Deere-style plowing and she takes me like a champ. I just simply melt when she starts in with the "Ay Papi's" and other Spanish nothings she's yelling. The neighbors have got to hear us by now and wonder is there a WWW wrestling match going on next door, but we don't care and we press on. We finish with mish and she takes of the cap and blows me like a trombone for another 20 minutes. I'm almost brought to tears not knowing my d$#k could be sucked so good. I finally nut and we lay there sweaty and spent. She wipes me down with alcohol while we chit-chat and kiss. She brought me in for a very nice landing and I'm thinking to myself, "THIS is what GFE is supposed to be" I told her she was my new girlfriend. I got dressed and looked at the clock. It had been an hour and a half The thing is, we could have gone longer, because she was really enjoying the laying of the pipe and I really enjoyed laying it, and I had really only come for the half I would have given her more, but only had the half. Nevertheless, I WILL see her again. 'nuf said! Maxx. Gtrack 11-14-09, 20:30 Tremendous review. You captured everything in a nutshell lol. Maxx Danger 11-15-09, 08:04 Hey guys, I think we are all trying to increase our post count to help add to the community. But it must be said (probably for the millioneth time) that comments and inquiries are of a lesser value than true Wet Works. I think you all know what I mean by wet works. I feel better sharing nfo with other cats that have laid some pipe and have war stories to tell. I mean that's part of the fun of this hobby. Don't worry about writing a novel, just give us the details, we're big boys, we'll get it. So, lay the pipe; then boot up and write. it's that simple. 'nuf said! Maxx Gtrack 11-16-09, 15:12 Amanda will be in Florida this week for anybody who sent me a PM Member #4782 11-18-09, 17:05 If you like young sexy latina's i highly recommend this one. She is 100% GFE and is a true nymph. Greek is also on the table. I have seen her a few times and was pleased to see her in her Manhattan incall recently because she has the strange ability to have her ass get bigger without any growth in the surrounding areas. Her belly stays flat while her ass gets fatter! She told me she eats ox tails and they go right to her ass. LOL. This girl loves nothing more than to have a stiff one up in her. She's young and has a bangin ass body. She did role play for me to on request (school girl of course). BBBJ is totally in play. No rush whatsoever. Her info is in her ad, otherwise you can always hit me up on PM for the digits. http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_smokin_hott_latina_full_g_f_e_100d0llar_specials_20/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=11035608 Also check the pics attached, they are recent. Real Ron Iron 11-18-09, 19:09 My old hoe Lisa is back in down from down south and will be here until Friday. She is staying with my other homegirl Gina that loves to swallow cum. Anybody interested in getting with either of them let me know they are waiting now to get into something. Incalls are possible in the Bronx but they will travel to outcalls as well in the metro area. These are some tall thick chicks both about 5'9" and taller in heels. Gina is in the hot pink panties and Mia is in the Black with red heels. Gtrack 11-19-09, 17:34 Another board member told me that KIRBY KIM robbed him when they had a session recently. Just a heads up. Real Ron Iron 11-19-09, 19:02 If you like young sexy latina's i highly recommend this one. She is 100% GFE and is a true nymph. Greek is also on the table. [/url] Also check the pics attached, they are recent. She is definitely a girl worth seeing, even despite her being a lying hoe ripping me off a couple of bucks. I have too many good tales to tell about Ms Sterling formerly known as Verda Capri, along with several pics and video clips. Will compile it into a mini-chronicle which dates back to the beginning of the year up until June and post it up soon. Member #4782 11-19-09, 21:31 Another board member told me that KIRBY KIM robbed him when they had a session recently. Just a heads up.This is why you don't take project hos home. Someone has a lot of explaining to do. Gtrack 11-20-09, 18:31 She will be back Monday looking to start the holiday off the right way. PM me or email me for details. Lil Ze 11-20-09, 23:20 Went hoe hunting tonight. Got off the train at 155th and walked down to 125th. Saw nothing on my walk, got to 125th and park, did a couple of loops, and what do ya know? The same harlem SW who I lost after going into the popeye's to piss, a few weeks ago, was sitting just to the side of the park ave motel. I asked if she had a place, she said yeah. Went to one place, the person she was waiting for took too long, so she lead me to another spot. It was the SAME apt, the the bottom-barrell crack ***** I had a few months ago took me (see my report). Small hoe world eh? She says 10 for the room and 20 for her. I ask if she does BBBJ, she says no, then I'm like what if I pay extra? She says ok. 10 more. I counter with 5. So I get a nice unrushed BBBJ, then I begin to screw the living HELL out of her from behind. She was almost begging me to finish. She was puertorican, 53 years old, pretty (for an old bag), great service. I got the digits, she said she has friends. Very good time for 35 beans. Might see her tommorow. Her service was just too good. Peace mongers. Gtrack 11-21-09, 23:11 Amanda is back and will be available tomorrow. Maxx Danger 11-22-09, 10:35 I saw my girl again. I don't think I've been blown by anyone like her. I mean she could suck the apple off a Mac computer. Anyway, she drained the love stones and with much fever and energy. She sucked on my for about 40 minutes, non- stop. Now I must reiterate from my last post., this is no project-girl head bob, this is a full-on, Adriana Sage (look up this hot Latina porn star)-style blowjob, with all the slurping and sucking effects. We then switched to K9, and she threw back as I put out-grindin' and windin'. But alas, I did not last more than 5 minutes in that hot biscuit. I blasted, then we cuddled and talked for about 20 minutes. I got the alcohol rub-down, then she started to suck me again, but I had to go. What a way to exit. She is spoiling me to other providers. LOL 'nuf Said, Maxx Real Ron Iron 11-24-09, 00:33 Got the contact of this girl from my man Pervert In Crime, the leader of all Pervs, Pervio! He gave me the details of how this girl will do anything and everything no matter how strange and enjoy every minute of it. Picked her up in Harlem and she seemed kinda shy and definitely submissive. Over text msgs I was telling her everything I would do to her and she was in full agreement and said her pussy was wet in anticipation. From her personality she seemed like the type of girl that was well sheltered by her parents and on the low she is a freak of nature. As I was driving to the Iron Palace I was asking her some questions. Asked her what she knew about me and asked her to repeat everything that I was going to do to her. Told her my nuts were full of cum and that I am going to fuck her face and cum down her throat. She asked if she has to swallow it. I told her she gotta swallow it all no exceptions. Told her all three of her holes are gonna get fucked and filled with cum. She repeated everything I told her I was going to do. I could tell she was getting horny by all of that and loves to be dominated. Got to my spot and we start to get undressed. Now all was good until she started to remove her clothes. I was very disappointed to see her body was very strange. It looked like she used to be fat but got liposuction or some other artificial weight lost surgery and she was the final product. Everything just looked weird folks very hard to explain. Definitely a shock and not sexy at all. I would give her body a 3 tops on a scale of 100. Skin was smooth but flabby and droopy. Ass looked so-so, but her pussy was definitely dripping wet as I removed her panties. Nice and clean pussy and smells good. My dick went from hard as a brick to doughy as clay. But I was determined to make the best of it. Had her licking my balls then told her to lick my ass crack. She hesitated then I gave her a quick slap to the face and she did it with a smile. I had her playing with my balls and licking my ass for a long time before I told her to suck my cock. My whole waist was full of spit as this girl can drool like crazy. Put my dick in her mouth and this girl can blow like no tomorrow. Its obvious since her body was wack she had much practice in other venues. She was sucking the blackness off my dick like a penis pump. She can deepthroat too as I shoved my whole dick down her throat. My tool is definitely not considered short or small and she had zero gag reflexes. Got her on her knees so I could fuck her face. She was completely obedient the entire time and if she got outta like I gave her a slap to the face. If she used hands she got a slap. With each slap she would pout and beg for more. I was pounding her face so deep it was feeling like a pussy. Told her to say her ABCs as I fucked her face. The humming on my dick was tremendous. I was deep down her throat as I was cumming. I had to fire at least 5 rounds in her mouth. She choked a little bit but I gave her a slap and told her to swallow it all. As a good girl she did exactly that and swallows at least a pint of cum. From there I had her lick my balls dry and swallow and residue cum. From that huge nut I was entirely exhausted and laid down ready to go to sleep. She was kinda upset because she wanted me to fuck her but I wasn't interested. If I had a little more energy I would have did it. Upstairs some Latina chick was getting plowed out screaming like crazy. I heard it on the way out I was beginning to change my mind and bang something at that l point but I just called it a night. This girl is highly recommended if you want to experiment and engage in some ruthless rough sex and skullfucking. She is also good as a head girl as she knows her stuff. Not to mention swallowing babies like no tomorrow. She will also try greek and do almost any kinky thing imaginable. Gtrack 11-24-09, 11:08 Amanda is available all day until 8 and possibly later,She is waiting for your calls and apologizes for being out of town last week. The Impaler 11-27-09, 18:24 Anybody know anything about this chick? ROSA NATURAL 36DD'S ONLY 19 AVAILABLE NOW 347 465 4529 347 465 4529 http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_sexxy_dark_latina_veryy_busty_available_now_midtown_west_40_s_/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=10283737 I've been wanting to check her out for some time but she has no reviews. In any case, she recently changed her name to "Cherry Berry" and dropped the silly dominican claim. Dominican or not, I'd give her a go. Maxx Danger 11-29-09, 08:51 I've been wanting to check her out for some time but she has no reviews. In any case, she recently changed her name to "Cherry Berry" and dropped the silly dominican claim. Dominican or not, I'd give her a go.Check this out: http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/warning_f_a_k_e_dark_latina_347_266_2639_347_465_4529_r_o_sa_michelle_and_melly_34/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=11072294 The Impaler 11-30-09, 21:19 Check this out: http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/warning_f_a_k_e_dark_latina_347_266_2639_347_465_4529_r_o_sa_michelle_and_melly_34/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=11072294This was exactly the kind of heads-up I needed on this provider! I don't know the guy who got burned by her, but this dude was thorough in his critic. Pics with diagrams of her flaws, hyperlinks to her ******* account, etc. Etc. I'll steer clear of this fake and go to the real deal at Club J. TheHeights718 12-03-09, 12:57 This was exactly the kind of heads-up I needed on this provider! I don't know the guy who got burned by her, but this dude was thorough in his critic. Pics with diagrams of her flaws, hyperlinks to her ******* account, etc. Etc. I'll steer clear of this fake and go to the real deal at Club J.She is always running around 34th st shopping. Definitely not dominican but I can see her being haitian. The body looks crazy in clothes. She gets mad attention with short skirts and low tops looking like a SW. Can't really tell how it would look with the clothes off but from all reviews online she does have terrible service. Her rates change like the dow jones. Think its depending on what she needs for the day. I have been tempted cause that body does look crazy but I am not a real escort fan. Usually only into underground strippers. But see this one at your own risk! Gtrack 12-04-09, 14:31 She is doing outcalls only in Manhattan today. PM me for details.She has a review in the massage parlor thread in Brooklyn Wockster 12-04-09, 21:18 Amanda is available all day until 8 and possibly later,She is waiting for your calls and apologizes for being out of town last week. Saw her earlier this week, excellent service by a real sweetie. Thanks Gtrack for the lead on this gem. Real Ron Iron 12-04-09, 21:41 Got the details about this girl from Kirby Kim over a week ago. She was taking forever to send the details, had a feeling she was cockblocking a bit. But she finally came through with some cell phone pics she sent me and her contact number. Wasted no time as I was having a taste for something new. Drove by and picked her up. She was real cute and seemed innocent with a slutty-side waiting to come out. Told me she was 19yo and admitted she was a virgin hoing but no stranger to the dick. Told her what I was looking for and she was in agreement, just stated she is absolutely against Greek to the Zth degree. Went as far as to saw how immoral and inhumane it was. I assured her that her asshole would be pardoned this time around, LOL! Got her over to my place and I wasted no time. Had to get back to work and already knew what I need to get me going. Got her out her clothes and went straight to the tits which she liked to have sucked. Gripped her ass and its a nice size but the type of Latina Half-Phat Half-Flat kinda asses. Still it was nice enough to bang doggie. Laid back and told her to put in some work on the joystick. She was definitely an amatuer in that respect but it was still decent. She used a lot of spit and massaged my balls with it. Told her what time it was and she assumed the position. Straight up doggiestyle! Ass looked very nice bent over with her back arched. She was getting horny as I was ordering her what to do. I touched her pussy and it was dripping wet, started to rub it some and she moaned and wobbled her ass for me. As soon as my dick touch her pussy she was hot. Stuck it to her and she started to back it up. She was definitely experienced in this respect. Pounded her out a good 10 minutes until I came all over her ass RonIron style. Washed her up then we chatted for a few. Told her I got friends and she was very happy to hear that. Said she cant wait to be a bad girl even further. Drove with her and chatted more she is a real cool chick. Told me she got the name Juicy Jay as a nickname from her slutty activities because of her extra wet pussy. I will definitely agree with that one! She is very reasonable and you can pretty much have her as long as you want for one set price. Time is not really a factor as she just cares about getting something reasonable. She is tall and thick about 5'8" with 38DD tits 19yo mixed South American looking in the face and real long straight hair NOT A WEAVE. Lil Ze 12-05-09, 01:03 So after getting some cash, on Friday the 4th of dec, I headed down to one of the chinatown chica spots. Got to the spot, there was a VERY thin 20yo, mexicana named JENNY OR YENNY. Nice b-cups tits, pretty face, I saw stomach from kids, she said she had none (I didn't buy it). She was real friendly. I think my spanish loosens them up (I know they are already loose hahahahhaahahhahha). She stars with a kinda weak CBJ, but kept it up. She then lays down for me to get on top. I'm like "I want you on top of me". She like ok. She hops on me, and starts riding me REAL weak. I'm like (in spanish), "I can't finish if I can't do you harder". She's like ok. And I really start f*cking her deep as she rides me. I then flip her over she's like "DOGGIE"? I'm like "SI" (hehehehhehe), and procede to nail the hel out of her from behind. I then switch to mish, pound it, then she gets back on top, till I nut! WHEW! I was sweating SO dam much. It was good cash spent. After I was still "hungry" for FOTB mexicanas, so I walked down the block to the other chica spot, and saw what they had. It was the same girl, who refused me at the first spot I went to tonight a few weeks back because I was too big (blah, blah, blah). Kinda chunky, not so hot, so I decided to pass. I did offer the dude 40 for her (the price ALL asians pay there), but he wasw like no, so I left. I'll probaby wait until Monday to see what new chicas arrive at the two chinatown spots. Tommorrow, I'm probably going to go to my yonkers 30 dollars spot (hehehhehehheheheheheehhehe). I spoke to the dude there (all in spanish), and her told me I could have TWO mexicanas at the same time (mismo tiempo) for 60 beans! Her said they would both suck me at the same time (hehehehehehehehehhehe). I LOVE this monger sh*t (hahahahahahahahahahahahaha)! When you are as ADDICTED to FOTB mexicans as I am, you just CAN'T GET ENOUGH! At this rate, I'm going to end up broke, homeless, collecting cans for my visit to the chica spot (hahahahhaha). I need HELP! Peace mongers! Maxx Danger 12-06-09, 11:23 Hey Gents, Funds were low so I was looking for some decent service a few notches above a massage and HJ. So I thought I would sample the Chinatown Latina House. http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/_60_pretty_spanish_/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=8786222 I put in a call and a man answered the phone. My Spidey sense starts tingling He gives me the address and tells me to call again when I get there. I make it down to Chinatown no problems. It's evening and it's getting dark out and the address he gave me was for a side-building entrance. It had an awning with a staircase leading to an upper level. It was located in the shadows and not much light was coming from the door except for further up the stairs Again, the Spidey sense is tingling. So I give him a call and he tells me that he'll be right there and just wait for him. Ok so I'm standing there and people are walking by and I'm wondering if this is a set up. I'm watching the door for this mystery man to appear and nothing happens. I'm standing outside for about ten minutes. Each person passing by I'm watching for any suspicious signs While I'm engaged in this James Bond-surveillance, a slight Asian guy walks towards me, catching my eye. He mumbles something to me, to this day, I don't know what, then turns and walks in the direction from whence he came. I assume this is "my" guy so I follow him. The Spidey sense is off the charts now as we are walking one, two, three blocks. I'm trying to figure out what's going on. I hear Obi-Wan telling me to "use the force". I'm grabbing at anything that could give me a heads-up as to what is happening. We turn the corner and we walk about half a block to the front entrance. Just as I follow him through the door, two guys fall in behind me. As we are walking up the staircase, my guy in front and the two guys in back, I brace myself and move from active Spidey sense mode to full-on Jackie Chan, /Jet Li mode I'm 6ft, 217lbs and I swing a weight or two in the gym So I'm ready to do some serious Ong Bok damage to these cats. We get to the second floor and I realize that they just happened to be following me by coincidence They don't know how close they came to being dusted off, LOL We get inside and my guy walks me to this back room. I see this petite chica in high heels sitting on the bed. She is really cute, but I'm thinking she is really, really young like go-to-jail-sexual-predator-rap young. So I take care of business with the guy and start my session. I ask her how old she was in Spanish, because she did not speak too much English. She said she was 20. I didn't believe her, but for legal purposes, I took her word for it. I take off my clothes and so does she. She has a gorgeous little body, but that is where it ended. I got on the bed with here and wanted to suck on those perky tits NOT! Not allowed. She then tries to put on a hat for the CBJ without getting me hard. Imagine how that worked out. She finally got the hat on. I got a couple of lack-luster licks and sucks It was pathetic. I decided to take matters into my own hands, I just wanted to nut and leave. I got her into K-9 and was plowing away. She started to whimper a bit which really put a bit more steel in my wood. I then flipped her over and gave it to her mish. Again, spreading the legs as far as possible and deep drilling the kitty to get her to that state of whimpering. She did feel really good in my arms, but she more or less just laid there. We finished up and she wiped me down. Made some light chit-chat. She said she had a boyfriend, but he did not know about her extracurricular activity. I've always wondered how providers can have boyfriends and do this stuff? Go figure Anyway, not my idea of a GPE (Great Provider Experience). Will not be returning. 'nuf Said, Backgammon Gtrack 12-06-09, 22:37 I had a great time with her earlier today and I will definitely be repeating.We hooked at the famous LIBERTY on 14th street and had a great unrushed session with everything on the menu.A cold day felt a lot warmer after I finished with her. PM me for details Real Ron Iron 12-06-09, 23:44 She has been a good girl of mine for almost 2 years now. She has been back and forth down south for school. Looks like she will be around for a few weeks until January or February. Told her I wanted to do a Gangbang with her to help her with tuition. She was cool with it and ready to do it. Told her she gotta open up that 3rd hole and she said for Gangbang she is willing to try. Her head game is still improving and she swallows cum like its a vanilla milkshake. She also loves facials and will smile in delight as your about to splash all over her. She can take a pounding and almost never says no to any kinky requests. She is about 5'10" thick, nice ass, perky tits and slim waist. Anytime I see her its for at least 2-3 hours and for one flat fee. Lil Ze 12-08-09, 18:36 Went to the other chinatown chica spot om Monday the 7th. They had two girls. The one I nailed Friday, at the other spot. And the other was a pretty, slim, perky nippled, b-cup tit, 20yo named carolina or cynthia. I guess the chicas like me, because she let me do everything I wanted to. I sucked her tits, was kissing her stomach, she was hugging me, and even was kissing my neck. As close to a GFE as you are going to get in one these "fasthouses". After an ok CBJ, she gets on top. She stared off real weak, so I just start going deeper on my own. She just took it. Then I went to take a piss, came back, she throws on a new condom, and goes back to riding me. I then flipped her over, and really NAILED her from behind. She started moaning and I just kept pumping (hehehehehehhe). A busted a fat nut, felt totally relieved, and left. The girl I had last week was in the other room, and asking me to come in. I would have, but seeing I had her on Friday, I wanted to see what the other spot down the block had. So I went to the other spot, to see, and was not impressed, so I bounced. I know these "chica fasthouses" are not for everyone, but for the price, its not so bad. The girls usually let me do what I want. Maybe cause I speak spanish or am so good looking (haha), but I always get my moneys worth. I'm really into mexican females anyway, so I'm feeding my addiction to mexicanas everytime I go to these spots. After seeing real iron ron's pics of jay black's crew, I might have to put these spots on hold for awhile. Jay black's got some BAD ASS girls! Peace Outworlder 12-09-09, 10:25 Hey Lil Ze, I tried the number & left message, but they never called back. Maybe I should add a few spanish words in there?! Anyways, what part of the day is the best to see them?! Plus, in your earlier post, are there still some asian women as well?! Outworlder Lil Ze 12-09-09, 15:01 The dudes who run these spots speak Chinese, so spanish will not help. Anytime of the day is good (after 11 am and before 8pm). If they don't answer, keep trying. But don't expect someone to call you back. The guys english is REALLY poor. Spanish only works with the chicas, not the dudes running the places. Peace Aceking 12-10-09, 02:31 little Ze, I was just reading some of your stuff and thought you sound like the GUY I could learn something from. I am from Ohio heading over NY for new years, planning to stay there for a week with bunch of my friends. I was wondering if you could help us out by naming some of your favorite stripclubs, escorts or any other places you like. I am definitely a rookie in this field but I have been to NY once. During that trip, I went to SCORES which cost me $$$$ to get a private room for an hr with this Dominican girl. Although it was a good experience, definitely burned a hole in my pocket. I don't want to make the same mistake again. So any help or advice from anyone would be highly appreciated! The Impaler 12-10-09, 20:23 Tried to connect with Melody from Club J today but the website is gone and the number goes straight to VM. After a little searching, managed to find Melody with an agency, GFE Companions. Looks like Club J is no more. In any case, I really interested in Jasmine. If anyone has here number or where she is now, please PM to me. Real Ron Iron 12-10-09, 21:12 I am definitely a rookie in this field but I have been to NY once. During that trip, I went to SCORES which cost me $$$$ to get a private room for an hr with this Dominican girl. Although it was a good experience, definitely burned a hole in my pocket. I don't want to make the same mistake again. Interesting tell us more details about the mileage you got and the official damage. I am assuming you paid $200+ for the VIP for a HALF hour then $200+ to get a nude lapdance, tit suck, and HJ from the girl in the VIP? Is that accurate? I am hoping you got more. Mr Sand Man 12-13-09, 20:29 She has been a good girl of mine for almost 2 years now. She has been back and forth down south for school. Looks like she will be around for a few weeks until January or February. Told her I wanted to do a Gangbang with her to help her with tuition. She was cool with it and ready to do it. Told her she gotta open up that 3rd hole and she said for Gangbang she is willing to try. Her head game is still improving and she swallows cum like its a vanilla milkshake. She also loves facials and will smile in delight as your about to splash all over her. She can take a pounding and almost never says no to any kinky requests. She is about 5'10" thick, nice ass, perky tits and slim waist. Anytime I see her its for at least 2-3 hours and for one flat fee.The only thing I'm going to say is. That this dude is full of shit. He'll tell you to give them a certain amount, then next thing you know. The chick is charging you more. On top of this. This chick is not available. Real Ron Iron 12-14-09, 02:03 The only thing I'm going to say is. That this dude is full of shit. He'll tell you to give them a certain amount, then next thing you know. The chick is charging you more. On top of this. This chick is not available. Anybody get a referral from me they know exactly how much they will pay. Almost all the time the price is cheaper than what the girls normally charge. The cheaper we keep them, the better it is for all of us. This girl is back around because she sent me a text the other day looking for more Raw Iron and to do a gangbang to raise money for school. Gtrack 12-14-09, 08:49 I hooked up with her yesterday on the advice of a fellow board member and I was not disappointed. Isabella is Brazillian in her twenties black hair and a nice ass.I went for doggy style full service and she started with a bbbj to get my attention. She loves daty and was moaning before I started to pound her. I will definitely be seeing her again.PM me for details. Lil Ze 12-14-09, 22:34 Long story short- Monday the 14th of dec, I went to one of my two Chinatown chica spots, and had one of the best chica fasthouse times I've ever had. I've had this girl before, 20yo, sweet b cups, prettyface, nice body. I had a little vodka and red bull before going in, so I knew I was going to last long. She starts with an AMAZING cbj. I'm not kidding, some of the best he@d I've ever had! She gets on top, starts light, I start to go deep. I then flip her over, and REALLY nail her from the back(hehehehe). The vodka was working, cause I MUST have gotten in atleast 200(no lie) pumps. I thought she might stop me, but she took every pump like a champ! I nutted and bounced. Awesome time! I then went to my other Chinatown spot, to see what was "on the menu". 25yold, pretty, but not as young and hot as the girl I had today. So I just left. But I had a GREAT TIME, today! Man I love Latinas(mexicans,Dominicans, and columbians above all. Peace mongers. Soon I'm off to my 30 bean two mexicana spot in Yonkers! You gotta love this shit! Real Ron Iron 12-15-09, 20:36 The girl that was sent, was unbelievable! What a spinner! I had a great time. Highly recomend!!! What was on the menu and what was the donations? Outworlder 12-16-09, 12:06 I went to one of Lil Ze's Chinatown chica spots, and had a decent chica, 30yo, breast was small & saggy, prettyface, ok body, smell nice, speaks decent english. Like Lil Ze says the place is a 1br in an old building(not totally run-down); I've been to worse on Allen&Delancey where the stairs were falling apart & the smell of urine & vomitted food was all over the floor & the place I went to was a studio with drape partitions. After I paid the usual fee, I was given a card to give to the girl(I have No Clue what that was for), & off came the clothes. Well, I didn't have vodka or red bull before going in, so I knew I wasn't going to last long. She starts with a nice cbj. She gets on top & starts pounding away until she just collapse on top of me. I then flip her over to do missionary style. The Poland Spring I had wasn't working, cause I MUST have gotten in atleast 50(no lie) pumps. I thought she might stop me because of the time, but she was patient. After I nutted, she cleaned me up. Nice! After I left, the chinese guy told me to come to this area & give a call in ENGLISH! THANKS Lil Ze for helping a monger out! What's the second place in Chinatown UR talking about?! Appreciated! Gtrack 12-16-09, 14:04 Amanda and Isabella are available today after 4 at 28th street. PM or email me for details. Real Ron Iron 12-20-09, 12:43 This girl is super sexy and 110% GFE. I was very happy to see her when I walked in the door. I automatically knew I was going to enjoy myself. Talked for a few then told her I wanted to take pics. She was cool with it all and very enthusiastic to pose for me. She was doing incalls in Hotel with another girl that uses the name Geneva, they both used to work for CBJ before they branched out to be Indy. Now I believe they are with a new agency with a girl named Melody. Started off by sucking her tits and gripping her ass. Her ass was super firm and bouncy. I never gripped an ass so plump and bouncy. She laid me back and we started to make out. She was a good kisser and she smelled great. She started to give me head and it was real good, nice technique and sensual. Not jackhammering like a lot of young girls try to do. Flipped her to the side so I could touch her pussy and grip her ass. Pussy was already wet and ready to go. Told her about the "Hump Maneuver" and she was interested in learning its principles. Told her to lay on her stomach with her juicy booty up in the air. Got on top of her and humped away. Didnt even need lube because her pussy was already dripping in excitement. She gave some slight moans as I kissed her from behind, then within no time I was cumming all over her ass and signing my signature. Got dressed and chatted with her for a few. Asked to speak to the Geneva girl and I kissed her cheek and her asscheeks as well. She is very slim and petite with a plump booty, I definitely want to pop those bunz next. Anybody in need of a tight latina booty that does BBBJ+CIM you need to run see this girl. Hit me up for one of her direct contacts. Member #4782 12-21-09, 16:01 This girl is super sexy and 110% GFE. I was very happy to see her when I walked in the door. I automatically knew I was going to enjoy myself. Talked for a few then told her I wanted to take pics. She was cool with it all and very enthusiastic to pose for me. She was doing incalls in Hotel with another girl that uses the name Geneva, they both used to work for CBJ before they branched out to be Indy. Now I believe they are with a new agency with a girl named Melody. Started off by sucking her tits and gripping her ass. Her ass was super firm and bouncy. I never gripped an ass so plump and bouncy. She laid me back and we started to make out. She was a good kisser and she smelled great. She started to give me head and it was real good, nice technique and sensual. Not jackhammering like a lot of young girls try to do. Flipped her to the side so I could touch her pussy and grip her ass. Pussy was already wet and ready to go. Told her about the "Hump Maneuver" and she was interested in learning its principles. Told her to lay on her stomach with her juicy booty up in the air. Got on top of her and humped away. Didnt even need lube because her pussy was already dripping in excitement. She gave some slight moans as I kissed her from behind, then within no time I was cumming all over her ass and signing my signature. Got dressed and chatted with her for a few. Asked to speak to the Geneva girl and I kissed her cheek and her asscheeks as well. She is very slim and petite with a plump booty, I definitely want to pop those bunz next. Anybody in need of a tight latina booty that does BBBJ+CIM you need to run see this girl. Hit me up for one of her direct contacts.Oh now that's pretty funny. Geneva's account is this visit is VERY different. Anyway, I will have a LOT more to say about this "girl named Melody". STAY TUNED.... Real Ron Iron 12-21-09, 23:57 Why you spamming dude? Real Ron Iron 12-22-09, 23:15 Oh now that's pretty funny. Geneva's account is this visit is VERY different. Anyway, I will have a LOT more to say about this "girl named Melody". STAY TUNED.... This girl has a sweet little pussy. I definitely gotta trap her in my liar for more activities. Iron Icing as usual, if you look closely there is a middle finger somewhere in that cum shot. ;-) Bigggga 12-23-09, 01:11 Was she smelling good? I know some of them hoes smell like curry. I messed with a broad 2 times from pakistan and when she would give me cbj I would smell the curry from her hair. Great neck got alot of Persian broads I might have to scoop one up LOlz This girl is super sexy and 110% GFE. I was very happy to see her when I walked in the door. I automatically knew I was going to enjoy myself. Talked for a few then told her I wanted to take pics. She was cool with it all and very enthusiastic to pose for me. She was doing incalls in Hotel with another girl that uses the name Geneva, they both used to work for CBJ before they branched out to be Indy. Now I believe they are with a new agency with a girl named Melody. Started off by sucking her tits and gripping her ass. Her ass was super firm and bouncy. I never gripped an ass so plump and bouncy. She laid me back and we started to make out. She was a good kisser and she smelled great. She started to give me head and it was real good, nice technique and sensual. Not jackhammering like a lot of young girls try to do. Flipped her to the side so I could touch her pussy and grip her ass. Pussy was already wet and ready to go. Told her about the "Hump Maneuver" and she was interested in learning its principles. Told her to lay on her stomach with her juicy booty up in the air. Got on top of her and humped away. Didnt even need lube because her pussy was already dripping in excitement. She gave some slight moans as I kissed her from behind, then within no time I was cumming all over her ass and signing my signature. Got dressed and chatted with her for a few. Asked to speak to the Geneva girl and I kissed her cheek and her asscheeks as well. She is very slim and petite with a plump booty, I definitely want to pop those bunz next. Anybody in need of a tight latina booty that does BBBJ+CIM you need to run see this girl. Hit me up for one of her direct contacts. Shamrock5 12-23-09, 03:19 What was on the menu and what was the donations?Great massage, DATY, tasted great!, Doggie, very accommodating, damage- $250 Real Ron Iron 12-23-09, 18:10 Like this one? Keep it coming I will get more of these for you! Real Ron Iron 12-23-09, 18:17 Was she smelling good? I know some of them hoes smell like curry. I messed with a broad 2 times from pakistan and when she would give me cbj I would smell the curry from her hair. Great neck got alot of Persian broads I might have to scoop one up LOlz Notice I said "Persian" which she was advertised as but she no where near Persian she straight up latina and looks Dominican to me. Face is OK, she is cute. Also Persians are from Iran and some parts of Iraq and are not like the typical Arab or Indian chicks. They are more Caucasian looking a good example is this Persian (Iranian) MILF that goes by the name Persia Pele. Rocket 12-23-09, 21:37 This girl is super sexy and 110% GFE. I was very happy to see her when I walked in the door. I automatically knew I was going to enjoy myself. Talked for a few then told her I wanted to take pics. She was cool with it all and very enthusiastic to pose for me. She was doing incalls in Hotel with another girl that uses the name Geneva, they both used to work for CBJ before they branched out to be Indy. Now I believe they are with a new agency with a girl named Melody. Started off by sucking her tits and gripping her ass. Her ass was super firm and bouncy. I never gripped an ass so plump and bouncy. She laid me back and we started to make out. She was a good kisser and she smelled great. She started to give me head and it was real good, nice technique and sensual. Not jackhammering like a lot of young girls try to do. Flipped her to the side so I could touch her pussy and grip her ass. Pussy was already wet and ready to go. Told her about the "Hump Maneuver" and she was interested in learning its principles. Told her to lay on her stomach with her juicy booty up in the air. Got on top of her and humped away. Didnt even need lube because her pussy was already dripping in excitement. She gave some slight moans as I kissed her from behind, then within no time I was cumming all over her ass and signing my signature. Got dressed and chatted with her for a few. Asked to speak to the Geneva girl and I kissed her cheek and her asscheeks as well. She is very slim and petite with a plump booty, I definitely want to pop those bunz next. Anybody in need of a tight latina booty that does BBBJ+CIM you need to run see this girl. Hit me up for one of her direct contacts. Ron, thanks for the report. This was VERY close to what I experienced a few weeks ago with Melody. Very sweet girl, amazing body and an azz to die for. Oh, and thanks for the referral to her!!!! Member #4782 12-25-09, 19:01 Keep it coming I will get more of these for you!I'm sure you get the bird from women all the time, so I have no doubt you can get plenty. What you won't get, is one from Geneva. She was speaking about the prospect of you seeing her and her exact words were: "I will kill him before he see"s me naked". Geneva Oh, and she said you lied, you never kissed her face or her buttcheeks. SMH Oh and BTW, coming soon to a theater near you. Lil Ze 12-29-09, 16:09 Went down to one of my chinatown latina spots on Monday 12/21. After a couple of vodka nips and some redbull, I was ready to go! Went to my first spot, they had an ok slim mexicana, with small b-cups tits. Not bad, but wanted to see what my other spot had, so I left. When I got to my other spot, the had a NICE 19yo columbiana named YENNI or JENNY. Pretty face, VERY full c-cup tits, nice ass, tall, long legs, in short-SHE WAS FINE! She starts with a great CBJ, during which she tells me "I like big", I'm like cool. She was licking my d*ck, everything, like she was really enjoying it. She then get on top, and rides me for like tem minutes straight. The vodka and redbull had me lasting LONG, cause I went to piss, came back, put on another condom, and started from the back. I was PUMPING AWAY. She actually asked me if I wanted to pay for more time, because I was taking so long. I was like no, and continued to NAIL HER HEAD OFF! She then got back on top, till I nutted. I was expecting the Chinese dude to give the "time's up" knock, but it NEVER came. I was with her for like 40 minutes. When I went to use the bathroom, NOBODY was there. No mongers, no papasan, nobody! As I was leaving, I saw the Chinese girl who's always there. She was looking kind of good, so I went to make small talk. Long story short, she stroked my d*ck (like she did before) with both hands for like two minutes, while I was feeling both her tits (hehehe). I then left. This was the best screw I've EVER had at any of these spots. Money WELL spent. The chica was a real hottie. I'll be back before she's gone. Peace. Lil Ze 12-29-09, 16:26 I might have stated the date for my Chinatown visit as 12/21. I should have said 12/28. Peace. Sticky 12-30-09, 11:34 I TOFTT with and Indian chick off BP. She was on 38 between 7 & 8. Her phone ending in 3037. Lucky she only got me for $ for the half. Avoid at all costs. Real Ron Iron 12-30-09, 21:03 I TOFTT with and Indian chick off BP. She was on 38 between 7 & 8. Her phone ending in 3037. Lucky she only got me for $ for the half. Avoid at all costs. What was wrong with her? Gtrack 12-31-09, 12:27 Amanda and Isabella wish everyone a happy new year and are looking to finish strong in 09. Aceking 01-02-10, 12:07 Interesting tell us more details about the mileage you got and the official damage. I am assuming you paid $200+ for the VIP for a HALF hour then $200+ to get a nude lapdance, tit suck, and HJ from the girl in the VIP? Is that accurate? I am hoping you got more.I am not sure how it broke down, it cost me 12. 3 for the entire 1 hr session. The girl was super sexy, blew my mind away! Unforgettable BJ, HJ, fingering as a result. Asked for 5 more for FS but I was happy with her mouth LOL Good experience with a expensive price tag. Was it worth it? Yes! Gave me her ph no. To call her later but lost it. Gtrack 01-02-10, 15:23 Isabella wants to start the New Year with you Terry N 01-02-10, 23:10 Has anyone ever checked this provider out? http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/r3al_freaks_dont_spit_they_i_like_to_call_it_the_factor_100_specail_22/classifieds/ViewAd?oid=12578362 Sticky 01-04-10, 07:20 Her pic was far from accurate, she was heavier than I like, and she was out of her mind possibly cracked out. What was wrong with her? Gtrack 01-05-10, 22:01 They are available from 11 to 9 7 days a week.PM or email me for details Rane84 01-07-10, 03:54 I took a page out of lil ze's book. The guy with shitty english almost made me give up hope. But I got there okay. I must have had real shitty luck because the girl wasn't as impressive as the ones lil ze's been having fun with. She was pretty but little on the chubby side specially around the mid section. but for the price it was a deal!! Apparently they are going to have a new girl tomorrow I might go back hoping it would be like one of those latinas in the subway that just make's your little buddy go boink! Sticky 01-07-10, 13:45 I'm glad to hear that. I called to make sure they were open, but never got the chance it get there. Chubby is not my thing. I hit Gold Spa instead, met Sandy, I was not impressed. Lil Ze 01-09-10, 18:47 Went Monday, they had a thick (maybe chubby), but pretty 25 yo named barbara. 2 kids, nice personality, not tight. Ok CBJ, mish, she rides me, then I finish doggie. The other spot had a SUPER thin mexicana. New chicas Monday. Sticky 01-11-10, 10:48 Yeah, I saw Barbara on Friday. You're being nice, she was just damn fat! She did have a pretty face so I stayed for a CBJ (I'm a horny bastard who can't turn down poppin a nut) She complained her mouth was getting tired, so against my better judgemnt we fucked. To keep my mind off the fat ass that I was fucking, I started a coversation. She turned out to be a really nice girl. She was doing Roservelt Ave, but didn't like it. I can't believe this place can be any better. I wouldn't repeat with her, but don't totally regret it. Ze, PM me the location of the other Chinatown spot....please Lil Ze 01-11-10, 21:05 Went to my other chinatown spot. Saw a slim very pretty a-cupped, flat stomach, no kids chica named LAURA. She was 21. After a one minute CBJ, she got on top, then I flipped her over, and finished doggie. Not bad. She was really cute and nice. After I shot over to my second Chinatown spot to get a peek at the chica. They had a SUPER brown skinned mexicana, about 20 or so. Slim, but not too slim. She was fully clothes so I just could get a basic idea of her body. The papasan there got all pissed cause I came just to get a look. Whatever dude, I'm the guy with the cash, right? That's all for now. Ps- sticky, I've got you. Be patient. Peace Sticky 01-12-10, 14:47 I got both PMs. Tried to send a message but your box is full. Sticky 01-19-10, 14:17 Hit the east broadway spot this morning. A nice early 20's Mexicana, Nomi. She was about 5'-7", black shoulder length hair, dark eyes, fairly thin & pretty, whith huge natural D's at least. Without a doubt worth the trip. I may even get back again this week to see her before she leaves. She gave me her number for a little something on the side, but I have yet to see if it works. Gtrack 01-23-10, 09:32 They are working together in the city and have pics. PM or email me for details Gtrack 01-23-10, 21:07 Is doing incalls tonight only Gtrack 01-25-10, 09:18 She wiil be out of town this week Dna Donor 01-28-10, 14:41 Exactly as advertised, saw Betty Jan 23rd, she could not have been nicer, provided premium "hoover" action, same as she advertises. On weekends, she offers a "special" that is hard to match in either quality or price. She was on time, accomodating, responsive, etc. The menu is wide but you will only choose "Oral", its the only option you would want, if thats what you like, you won't be dissapointed. You can have it your way, with CIM, bare bones, attention everywhere but the stink (can't blame her for that). Gtrack 01-28-10, 21:41 I went this evening. Slim attractive Mexican.Did not allow any sucking or real touching.Would not give her number out. Will try again Da Firewithin 01-29-10, 01:53 Gtrack, you think this mexicana is worth going to see? I went the other day but when I got off the train and called they didn't pickup. I gave up after 20 min. V Monkey 01-29-10, 09:04 I went to see Jada Monroe not too long ago. I have seen her ads on BP for a while and really wanted to tap that juicy ass. Standard 2 call system and I was at her place on the west side. I was not disappointed when she iopened the door. She looked just like her picture: an athletic blonde chick with cute face, kind of small tits, somwhat a slim waist and some giant juicy ass. Began round one with some BBBJ, DATY, and finish with mish. Round two with more BBBJ cow girl and then doggie finish. Wanted to do anal but did not bring extra dough. Oh well next time. All in all a great experience. Nice girl who is not too chatty. She is not 19 like she says in the ad but definately not more than 25. Real Ron Iron 01-30-10, 20:53 Thanks V Monkey, I called Jada several times before to see what she is up to but didnt see her yet. I definitely want to see her sometime soon. Intheloop1414 01-31-10, 00:12 I saw her last year. I guess we did not clique. I tried to start out with some kissing. I tried some dfk and she back off somewhat. We then continued with lfk and it felt nice. She has an ample ass and decent body. Went to see her so I could pound out that ass. I had DATY with her and she responded nicely. I she gave a good bbj with good spit action. When I went to tear up that booty I started with doggie but somehow it was not feeling so hot. I think I needed to be positioned better. We switched to lazy doggie which she seemed to prefer. I started pounding that big ass hard. Then I hear the complains start about not wanting to break the condom. She keeps reaching back to check the condom as I jack hammer that booty. Look my goal was not to bare back this chick but to pound that but and see it wiggle. I tried some dirty talk with her "you like this dick" and what not but she seems content on me just fucking without much comment. The moans of joy come from her but something was just lacking. One thing she does in lazy doggie is back that booty up and starts to wiggle it like she is dropping it like its hot. It did surprise me that she could wiggle it so well. After some more earnest humping I asked if I could cum on the ass and she said it was ok. That is how I finished busting my load. Took the half hour session. Not a bad experience but for me neutral. I guess its YMMV. I would not repeat Face: 7 Body: 7. 5(a lot of small moles on back) Bbj: very good. Not the greatest. She does spit on the dick Booty: very nice but not bubble butt. Pics are a lot better than in person(IMHO) GFE: Yes by definition ConnRimmer 01-31-10, 23:46 They are working together in the city and have pics. PM or email me for details GTrack, why does everyone always have to PM you for details? Why don't you just post to the main board like everyone else? Gtrack 02-01-10, 00:17 Because the board has certain policies about phone numbers and LE is reading also. Why spoil a good thing Trav Elin 02-01-10, 23:27 Yesterday I had some extra time, so I perused the ads in BP. I saw "Lady Banger" and had to find out about that "no gag reflex" tag. Her pics are accurate. She's a cute blonde, in a BBW but not "HELL NO" kind of way. I don't mind my women a little chunky, and her posted rate for an hour sounded very reasonable. I like the hour visits, gives me time to enjoy my companion. I was out doing some errands before heading over to the place in the west 50's, and didn't have time to get home and shower, etc., before going to see her, so I asked if she'd mind if we started with a shower. She was cool with it, so I headed over to her location. She met me at the door in a negligee, and we did a little light kissing and some petting. Then she started the shower and told me she'd be right in. I showered, and she joined me about half way through. Then we moved to the bed for some nice BBBJ. She has three "rules". No greek, no CIM, and no BBFS. She showed me what "no gag reflex" means, and she's right. No gag reflex! Damn! Unfortunately, I'd had a bit of pharmaceutical help to block some pain I was feeling, and that made me less responsive to her tender care. After 35-40 minutes, she seemed to get bored doing her thing. The phone rang a couple of times, and she ignored her cell, but when the room phone rang, she answered it and said "not yet". Apparently she shares the room with her three friends. I finally finished COT and she cleaned herself up, and tossed me a towel. We were chatting a bit (she isn't really chatty, and I like a little conversation to get that GFE) and she highly recommended her friend Betty Cocker. Betty has a tongue ring "and she knows how to use it! " I was told. I decided I'd have to give Betty a try. Lady Banger was nice, but I probably won't repeat with her. She's worth having once to see if you like that sort of girl. She was friendly, to a point, and good at her job. Trav Elin 02-01-10, 23:38 Based on the report that Betty has a tongue ring and is great at BBBJ, I gave her a call tonight. Her rate for an hour is decent, so I went that route. When I got to her location, she looked (bored/tired/sad/sleepy). Met me at the door in shorties and a t-shirt. I went in, closed the curtains, and she was sitting on the bed topless. I unclothed and lay down, expecting the best BBBJ of my life, and was hugely disappointed. Her whole performance was extremely lackluster. She is pregnant, so I tried to cut her some slack, but after 5 min of unsatisfying BJ, she put a hat on me and asked how I wanted to do it. We went mish, and she was a dead fish. 4 mins of that, and I was not getting that good feeling, so I told her to finish me orally. She said "I'm not giving you head for an hour" and I thought "you are if I pay for the hour". Fortunately, she didn't collect her "donation" up front. Once she finally managed to make me pop (and it was an effort. She was totally not "in the moment". She doesn't like being touched while she works, etc.) I dressed, paid her for a half hour, and left (in 20 mins). I will not repeat that experience. Pity too, 20 YO hot blonde pregnant chick, tattos and tongue piercing. She COULD have been an ATF, if she had even put HALF an effort into acting like she wanted to be there. I'd rather put my money into a AMP. They always act happy to be there taking my money! Gtrack 02-05-10, 03:14 I finished with my best experience of the week.Board member intheloop gave me a heads up and I took a cab to the city.I got to the hotel and she greets me in fishnets and a bra. I went for full service which she was into and I had a good daty session combined with a exceptional head game which will have me repeating again with her in the near future. Service attitude and looks were great. Lil Ze 02-05-10, 03:21 After getting a great bbbj from a crackhead in Harlem on 2/3, the next day I was in the mood for some young fresh off the boat Latina. I head to my other Chinatown spot, give a knock at the door, and walk in. This was like at 700pm. I ask to see the girl first. I stick my head in the little room, and am greeted by a very pretty, 25yo from Venezuela. Light skin, dark hair, sweet b- cups, flat stomach, very fine. Nice personality, nice teeth. She was friggin hot. I quickly decide to nail her, give the Chinese dude 60 beans (even though most Asians pay 40, don't ask), get handed a card, and go into the room. After a few vodka nips and some red bull, I was so ready to get in her ass. And that I did (hehehe). She starts with an ok cbj, then lays down. I do some mish, then she gets on top. After some minutes of riding me (her p$ssy was very tight). I then tell her I want to hit it from the back, flipped her over, and proceeded to just pound the living hell out of her till I came. Even after I came, I stayed in her pumping away till I was limp (hehehe). She even gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek on the way out. It was just nice. Peace Maxx Danger 02-05-10, 17:46 But I'm back to tell ya what it was like. OMG. OMG. OMG! I have tears coming to my eyes now. Anyway: The fabulous Amanda gave me a call yesterday and told me that she had a new girl that was looking to play for pay. She said she was Dominican and very pretty with a nice hot body. I jokingly asked if she was going to join us, not really expecting her to, but just making the conversation fun. I wasn't doing anything so I said "sure, I'll stop by and try her out". Now I hadn't been to see Amanda in a while as I had been spoiled by the sexy charms of Brenda (my pants grow bigger just thinking about her). Well I got down to Amanda's and there was a bit of phone tag, but we finally hooked up. She's in a new apt., but the same building. I had forgotten how hot she was and she has her hair cut in a new style. Nevertheless, I digress. I get inside the apartment and my mouth practically drops open. No on second thought,. My mouth does drop open and the drooling begins. Before me is this gorgeous Latina with an hour-glass shape. She was wearing lace panties and bra with a see-through skirt. The bra was straining to hold in some of the roundest; most luscious looking tits I've seen in a while. This is Amanda's friend, Annie. As Amanda introduced me, she gave me the "Ay Papi" and shook those melon-type tits like a Polaroid picture. She then turned around and showed me the bump to hump. Yep it was a true Latina butt. She showed absolutely no fat on her body. This woman is well preserved Amanda told Annie to take off her bra and show me the goods. Boys. Is absolutely, positively no sagging here. And they are factory-made; no bolt-ons at all. Amanda made a point to say that they were all real. Her tits were big round and firm and I couldn't get out of my pants fast enough. I really started shaking I wanted to get into her so bad. Well my clothes were off and we were ready to get busy. Amanda said that she would leave us alone as she had to run an errand. But unexpectedly Amanda bent down and started blowing me right there. I think my eyes rolled back in my head for a moment. She did this for a full minute, while Annie started rubbing and sucking on my chest. When Amanda finished I asked, playfully, "you don't want to stay too? " I, again did not expect her to stay. She then said ok, I'll stay. Well, Amanda left the bedroom to go and do something in the apartment. Annie got on her knees and started a masterful deepthroat blowjob. My knees began to shake and I had to get on the bed. I'm watching her blowing me and in comes Amanda. She lies next to me and begins DFK and rubbing and sucking on my chest. All the while, Annie is sucking me and licking the ball sack. In my mind, I can't believe this is happening. Then they switch and Amanda gives me one of her supreme blowjobs, while I am sucking on Annie's beautiful tits. At one point Amanda was teasing me saying that I look like a baby breastfeeding, well if that is the case then Annie was surely my Mommy yesterday. Amanda then says that it was time for me to f*** her. So I got into mish and pushed her legs back and served her some pork. I went at it for a while while Annie played with my a#$, kissed me and fed me titties. I was loosing steam so I switched to Annie, but not before she blew me for a minute or two. This is how the transitions went: when I switched from one girl to the next, the intermission included a deepthroat blowjob. I pounded Annie in the mish, while I sucked on Amanda's tits and fingered her. I was really getting tired and I could not hold out. I fell off of Annie and I directed both of them to lick the Johnson; boy what A site and what a feeling. Two hot MILF's sucking and licking my dick. Annie continued to suck on my (she loves giving head) and Amanda came and laid next to me while I finger-banged her. This switching scenario went on like this for an hour and a half. I was so tired I had to do a manual happy ending. My first MILF three-some. How Awesome! We cleaned up and that was all she wrote. I still have an after-glow In all, Amanda was her fabulous self, no complaints there. With Annie, I detected a very, very slight reluctance, but I attribute this to her being fairly new to the game. Will I repeat the threesome? Well here's the thing: conceptually it is an awesome thing, but actually doing it. Let me just say it is the most fun you could have with two other willing women, but yo ass better be in shape; it is not for the faint of heart. Because not only do you have to get one woman off, now you have two. And Amanda and Annie are sexually demanding so, stick with Amanda or Annie (oh man who can choose?) or if you think you can man-up and take them both on, then go for it, but you'd better be in shape. As for me, I just started back at the gym and in a few weeks I'm coming back to do another tag-team session and I'm going to wear out some Latina biscuit, ya hear me? 'nuf Said Maxx Gtrack 02-06-10, 00:04 Amanda has a milf working with her PM me for details Rane84 02-08-10, 19:50 Another miss. Coasta rican girl. Very nice but not very pretty. Side Kick 02-09-10, 18:02 One hot older latina MILF. Give Amanda a ring and she'll hook you up with her. Trav Elin 02-10-10, 19:19 I had some extra time Monday night - so I decided to try my luck on BP again. http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/a-g_r3_3k-busty-curvy-soft-sexxy-blonde-college-gal-all-american-solid-yummy-nympho-1-pick-20/13824614 She's near Times, which is convenient for me. It was a sixty-seven call security system. LOL I exxagerate. Only about 7 calls. The last one being after I got to the right floor and needed a room number. Safety first. LOL Pics are a little misleading. Her boobs appear much larger in the photos than they are. I would say they are closer to a C+ than a DDD! She's cute, and has a nice big ass. She also says she's very open to most anything. (except kissing, DATY, digital penetration, CIM, BB anything, upcharge for Greek, upcharge for multi-pop, even in the hour). LOL CBJ was much nicer than I thought it would be! She does something that let me feel her action through the hat. Wow. After ten min, she asked if I wanted to play FS. We tried doggie, a little mish, and I asked her to go back to verbal. Nope. No verbal after you insert. Manual was pretty robotic. I instructed her on how I like it, and finally managed to pop one off. Strange. She claims to have been escorting for over a year, but has very minimal people skills, IMHO. YMMV. I won't go back. Still looking for the perfect experience. Maybe it's just a dream. Thinking I may try one of the Russians in Hell's Kitchen (2c for the hour) next. Anyone been there before? Gtrack 02-11-10, 10:52 Last night I went out in the snow storm to see this thick experience,She was very friendly on the phone and I got to her spot on the west side midtown.She was very thick and had a huge rack which I crave.She started with light stroking and then I pulled back because I pop fast. She then gave me a little massage and rubbed her titties in my back which really got me turned on. On the flip she asked was i ready and I said lets do it. She stroked me used her lips and swallowed everything with no complaint and had a smile on her face.She is short claims she is 180 has a mommy pouch.She has a pretty latina face. She did not allow DATY or fingering but it was her head game and service that will probably have me repeat with her.She does outcalls and I will probably sample in the future The Impaler 02-11-10, 19:43 So about a week ago I checked out this chick. http://newyork.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/new-spanish-mixed-beauty-andhearts-andhearts-andhearts-20/13712643 Pics were her and she actually is prettier in person. Nice olive skin. Thick. Huge tits. Not spanish as advertised but def has the look so who cares. If you are into tattooes, this girl is for you. But don't say anything about the mis-spelling of one of the tats across her chest. Her service was anything but exciting. CBJ and doggy. Still it was a nice view from behind and she took a good pounding with no complaint. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/archive/index.php/t-3960-p-10.html?s=530550fadd91ed1835f810c71688136a|_|USASexGuide > States & Cities > Virginia > Northern Virginia > Escort Reports PDA View Full Version : Escort Reports Pages : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 [10] Utwogood 12-30-13, 16:49 Proceed with care with this provider. I will be upfront that I don't have first hand information but there are recent reports that she has a male friend who tries to rob you after the session in the parking garage and / or tries to coerce you into paying a "fee" to not tell your wife or girlfriend of your activities. http://www.misslizziebeth.comAfter going to her site, it seems weird for her to put all that work into it just to engage in some fuckery with her clients in setting them up to get robbed. But alas, WE are cautious with EVERY provider we meet, yes? Drunker Irish 12-30-13, 23:02 Where did you get this info? Is it posted on any board? I can't vouch for her because we didn't get a chance to hook up after exchanging emails, but she's got all great reviews. Seems odd that she'the suddenly turn bad.It was posted on the ohTER board a few days ago, the thread didn't last the day. The thread started with her, Lizzie, saying she was ripped off by a monger. That he short changed her after asking for a longer session. A monger then said it was him, that he didn't rip her off. She didn't reply to his post. I asked for the e. Mail exchange from the monger, which I never received. Another monger said he was mugged after a session from her, but didn't put the two together. Anyway, he didn't put the two together until after this posting. Then "Oversteer" appeared and started threatening people and calling them 'punks'. Weird language because that board is pretty 'clean' and a bit more upscale. As noted, just a heads. Up and keep your wits about you if you visit her. I had thought about it, just as a novelty, but not worth it. ADDENDUM: She put up a blog post about the events - just her side of the story. I might have sided with her, but her pimp showed-up and was threatening people who were posting in her thread. If you have a good visit, please post here so we know its 'safe'. http://misslizziebeth21.********.com/2013/12/since-when-did-it-become-okay-to-blame.html (looks like the link is blanked out, just go to her website and her blog is on the front page http://www.misslizziebeth.com ). The FACT that Gina has revoked her account, and as she posted in her blog, leads me to believe you should be careful. "He has apparently fabricated the events so badly that Gina from P411 had permanently revoked my account without any sort of explanation or allowing me the opportunity to respond." DI. Adultonline 01-05-14, 14:27 After going to her site, it seems weird for her to put all that work into it just to engage in some fuckery with her clients in setting them up to get robbed. But alas, WE are cautious with EVERY provider we meet, yes?I am a very careful hobbyist. I have seen Lizzie and enjoyed our time together both physically and just chatting. She is a smart, intelligent and passionate young lady who has terrific skills. I suggest caution with any escort, of course. But Lizzie requires no special caution. I trust every word she wrote in the blog at her web site -- but I have no "reason" to come to her defense except the fact that we enjoyed a geat time together and I hope to do so again. Diver1959 01-09-14, 18:02 I was visiting Chantilly area on biz and got done early today. I had been checking BP for the area the last day or so. I saw Chynna ad and the wrong head get locked-on. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/call-now-247-jaw-dropping-filipina-mouthwatering-exotic-asian-23/13621300 I had always wanted to experience an Asian women and she has the assets that I look for. Put a big set of honkers and I lose site of everything else. I called her and she answered. Her voice sounded so sweet. Made appointment, and it was the typical exchange of info. When I got to her location, she answered in a nice robe and her big assets were popping through and did the LE check. We got comfit able, and then I saw the rest of her. Her face was very cute, she has great set of tits, but she also had a big stomach (the pix did not show the flabby stomach) and had no real figure. We got down to business, she was more mechanical, no warmth. I did not expect a GFE, but she was more like a robot. $.20 for hh and $.80 for hr. This proves one should do their homework, and not let the wrong head do the thinking. I would not repeat. Indvir 03-26-14, 10:26 Anybody has recent experience with sky agency? Did not hear anything about them recently, planning to travel the area. Zhuxi 04-22-14, 03:40 Proceed with care with this provider. I will be upfront that I don't have first hand information but there are recent reports that she has a male friend who tries to rob you after the session in the parking garage and / or tries to coerce you into paying a "fee" to not tell your wife or girlfriend of your activities. http://www.misslizziebeth.comI saw this girl and while she is legit (as in she is in the business and no one tried to rob me), there are a few points I will note: 1) I believe her description of herself is misleading, and she very much overvalues herself in the business (There is a difference between "not a spinner" and needing a harpoon). 2) The good news is essentially everything and anything is on the menu. Iffff - (see 3). 3) You are willing to pay for it. Her prices are now on her website (they weren't always). She has a simple verification process, but that of course leaves her with certain information of yours which after reading some of these posts would be of concern to myself anyways. Take what you will from this report, simple scale review below. (Face / Body / Attitude / Service). F- Oh boy, a college girl who isn't that attractive (I'd say late 20's). B- She hasn't been able to work out, she hurt her back. (lul). A- Decent if you pay her rates. Willing to please I'd say. Before she posted her rates, I got the feeling she had some issues with other gents not seeing eye to eye with her regarding her value. S- Welp, she does all that stuff that you want her to do, so she deserves credit for that part of the deal. 4/4/8/8. Seniors, feel free to PM for detail. -Zhuxi. Zhuxi 04-25-14, 18:15 For any info on iluvhot. Any seniors care to share some experiences via the back channel? I've found contact info etc. Easy enough, so I'm just looking for any of the finer details. Thanks gents. -Zhuxi. Ambidextrous 05-03-14, 20:06 "Izzy" lives up to the high standard of beauty, attentiveness and kindness that is the hallmark of this agency. I was disappointed by her limitations, but if you don't share my (perhaps odd) proclivities, you may find her perfect. "Izzy" said she is 26, from Seoul, in USA For 8 months. She has a cheerful, communicative personality and perfect natural be-cups but is a bit thick in the lower body. She greeted me warmly but did not embrace me immediately, which was fine because she warmed up nicely with small talk leading to a profusion of kisses, caresses, and disrobing. She is warm-hearted, kind, and responds wonderfully to a gentle unhurried approach. She seemed to enjoy DATY but didn't really get off and I gave up after maybe seven or eight minutes. (At least she didn't fake it). DATO, she squirmed and said it was "strange," as if no one had ever tried it before. Further exploration in that area was off-limits. . . Declined CIF too. Cowgirl, missionary, BBBJCIM were completely enjoyable. She swallowed. After-chat was excellent, a moment of pure relaxation. Overall a very satisfying experience, worth the 3 $. But because I crave more adventurous providers I probably will not repeat. (Note: there seems to be an automatic edit on here that does weird things to posts by changing punctuation and capitalization. Wish they would get rid of that). Zhuxi 05-13-14, 21:08 Set up an appointment with this agency and was not disappointed. The verification process was standard enough for myself, but some hobbyists may take issue with it. Once verified I later in the week made an appointment with Nancy. Was greeted at the door by a very pretty K-girl whom was likely a bit older than pictures, but very good looking. Excellent view, slender and tight body, pretty face. Standard checks, then companion shower followed by an excellent time with a provider whom actually lives up to the advertisement. Nancy provided everything as advertised, and I will repeat; both Nancy and the agency. Some seniors can PM for details, but frankly the back channel has been fairly under welcoming even to a seasoned senior like myself, so if you don't recieve a reply. Ho hum. My back channel comrades feel free to PM. Face / Body / Attitude / Service. 8/8/9/9. Zhuxi. UpToNoGood05 05-30-14, 18:37 I contacted Savannah through P411 and she agreed to meet during her visit to the DC area this week. Her home base is Austin, Texas and if you like southern belles, this is the one for you. She is well reviewed on other sites and if anything, she is better in person than her photos convey. 5'3" 103 pounds, hot thin body, quirky personality, all woman, very real, very sensual. This is definitely a woman who wants to connect on a deep sensual level, and if she chooses to see you, she will open her soul to you. For me, everything was on the menu. A total GFE. Savannah's going to be here through Sunday afternoon, and if you can possibly get on her schedule over the next two days, I would beg borrow and steal to make that happen. Her incall location is a convenient upscale hotel off I-495 in Alexandria. UpToNoGood05 06-06-14, 23:50 Over two months ago I sent off appointment requests to the NOVA K-girl establishments: Iluvhot, Skyeden and Top Luminous. Nothing came of it, seemed my messages just disappeared into a black hole. Or did they? Out of the blue, Top Luminous gave me its approval and the golden gates suddenly opened into a New World. But getting a foot in the door at Top Luminous doesn't mean you can instantly get everything you want. I requested time with Jessica (hot new girl visiting) but was informed that Jessica was "totally booked" and only Janice was available. So I pulled Janice and had a nice time last night: total GFE, everything on the menu, perfect service, a girl who just wants to please. The language barrier was a problem, however. My enjoyment with escorts is so much related to the ability to make small talk, laugh, and have some little stories to remember the occasion. With Janice, I just couldn't quite find that rapport. Although she was certainly hot, we had no conversation and on that basis, I would not repeat. As for the K-girl scene, I'm intrigued and will explore further (visiting girl Violet looks inviting). As an organization, Top Luminous is absolutely first rate: four message system for total security, upscale apartment, well appointed dimly lit boudoir, showers and mouthwash (really, can we get any cleaner? Bunker Buster 06-07-14, 17:21 I contacted Savannah through P411 and she agreed to meet during her visit to the DC area this week. Her home base is Austin, Texas and if you like southern belles, this is the one for you. She is well reviewed on other sites and if anything, she is better in person than her photos convey. 5'3" 103 pounds, hot thin body, quirky personality, all woman, very real, very sensual. This is definitely a woman who wants to connect on a deep sensual level, and if she chooses to see you, she will open her soul to you. For me, everything was on the menu. A total GFE. Savannah's going to be here through Sunday afternoon, and if you can possibly get on her schedule over the next two days, I would beg borrow and steal to make that happen. Her incall location is a convenient upscale hotel off I-495 in Alexandria.So people don't have to go on a scavenger hunt to find her. UpToNoGood05 06-07-14, 18:40 So people don't have to go on a scavenger hunt to find her.You're right, I'm learning! Here's the link. She's one in a million. http://www.savannahbeaujolais.com/ JamesD123 06-09-14, 10:57 I've been looking to spend some resources into these k agencies like iluvhot and skyeden but they are more expensive than the avg. I was wondering do they over more services like is everything on the menu and wether or not I have to wear a rubber during a BJ. Also do the girls really look like the ones in the pictures? Any help would be appreciated. JamesD123 06-09-14, 18:21 I'm trying to get past the screening. Can some1 tell me what do they mean when they ask refrence contact info? Playboy69 06-09-14, 19:33 I've been looking to spend some resources into these k agencies like iluvhot and skyeden but they are more expensive than the avg. I was wondering do they over more services like is everything on the menu and wether or not I have to wear a rubber during a BJ. Also do the girls really look like the ones in the pictures? Any help would be appreciated.Usually you don't need one during BJ. There rare cases when you do. Check out the oThER site. All the info you're looking for are on there even on the specific girl but you must be VIP member, meaning you have to write reviews. Have a safe-happy hunting! Dr Bombay 06-09-14, 20:43 I'm trying to get past the screening. Can some1 tell me what do they mean when they ask refrence contact info?You might not want to feed the troll. Bunker Buster 06-10-14, 01:51 [Deleted by Admin] EDITOR'S NOTE: This report was redacted or deleted to remove sections of the report that were largely argumentative. Please read the Forum FAQ and the Forum's Posting Guidelines for more information. Thank You! Zhuxi 06-10-14, 08:55 I'm trying to get past the screening. Can some1 tell me what do they mean when they ask refrence contact info?You're doing it wrong. I'd suggest you take the advice you have been given and do a little searching so that you can find yourself some fun. Zhuxi. UpToNoGood05 06-17-14, 09:31 Had an hour with Viki last night, a trusty provider with reasonable rates listed on P411. She's been out of action for a while but just got back into the business. I requested an appointment earlier in the evening and thought I'the hear back from her the next day. I was surprised when she emailed back immediately saying she could meet me the next evening but it had to be in Maryland. I didn't like that so much but asked for the location so maybe I could swing it after work. At this point we got on Yahoo I'm and were going back and forth, when we realized we lived very near each other in Northern Virginia. I'm'ing her got me so hot I asked if she would do outcall at my place right then and there. I mean, I couldn't stand it anymore and had to have her. It was 9 pm by that time, but she said "give me an hour and I'll be there". So hot! She finally arrived at 10:30, whereupon we made a mad dash for the bedroom and began to engage in passionate sex. Viki's pretty bisexual but prefers men. She's a real GFE with no limits, and you can't go wrong with this girl. Seniors PM me for details  I'll be publishing a review soon on the other site as always. https://www.preferred411.com/P124176 http://naughtyviki.escortbook.com/ Ambidextrous 06-29-14, 17:20 A new K-agency has started to advertise. When I called the booker remembered me from the predecessor agency, which had a somewhat similar name and disappeared about a year ago. Welcome back, more choice is always better. Quiet Tyson's Corner apartment location, easy and discreet entry. "Mini" is 25, very pretty, flawless natural body, sweet and affectionate personality, great kisser (although I could tell she smokes). I gave her a long massagi which slowly developed into extended DATY, she took a while but let herself go and got off big time. Nixed back door play. Finished with BBBJCIMPM. 1 hour, damage 3 $. Mini is a natural, she enjoys both giving and receiving. She said things have been slow this week, so brothers here's your chance. Kamen 06-29-14, 21:27 Hi, Ambidextrous is damage 3 $ =$300.00 per visit? A new K-agency has started to advertise. When I called the booker remembered me from the predecessor agency, which had a somewhat similar name and disappeared about a year ago. Welcome back, more choice is always better. Quiet Tyson's Corner apartment location, easy and discreet entry. "Mini" is 25, very pretty, flawless natural body, sweet and affectionate personality, great kisser (although I could tell she smokes). I gave her a long massagi which slowly developed into extended DATY, she took a while but let herself go and got off big time. Nixed back door play. Finished with BBBJCIMPM. 1 hour, damage 3 $. Mini is a natural, she enjoys both giving and receiving. She said things have been slow this week, so brothers here's your chance. Goheat 06-30-14, 19:56 BBBJCIMPM? What's CIMPM? A new K-agency has started to advertise. When I called the booker remembered me from the predecessor agency, which had a somewhat similar name and disappeared about a year ago. Welcome back, more choice is always better. Quiet Tyson's Corner apartment location, easy and discreet entry. "Mini" is 25, very pretty, flawless natural body, sweet and affectionate personality, great kisser (although I could tell she smokes). I gave her a long massagi which slowly developed into extended DATY, she took a while but let herself go and got off big time. Nixed back door play. Finished with BBBJCIMPM. 1 hour, damage 3 $. Mini is a natural, she enjoys both giving and receiving. She said things have been slow this week, so brothers here's your chance. Ambidextrous 07-19-14, 14:06 Booked an hour with "Barbara" at a reliable K-agency. Pretty face, smashing body, but as great as her physical gifts are, her heart was equally cold. She made as little physical and eye contact as possible, seemed bored and mechanical. Responded to my conversational efforts by laughing. After a quick shower, I tried caressing her gently and slowly to see if I could warm her up, but it didn't work. Went to touch her face, she ducked away: "Makeup. " Brushed my lips gently against hers, no response. I fell back on the bed covering my face with my hands, realizing I would get zero affection from this provider. I said, "I can't do it," and bailed. Fortunately I had not handed the envelope to her at the start, it was still in my shirt pocket. As I left I dropped $ on the table in the entry, if for no other reason to show good faith towards the agency, which has rarely disappointed me this way in the past. I was there only about 15 minutes. We didn't say a word to each other as I left. I felt disturbed and upset. Back in my car I called the booker, with whom I have long had good relations, and explained why I left. She was sympathetic, said some girls just don't have warmth, indicated this provider has gotten mixed feedback. She thanked me genuinely for leaving $, and seemed to agree this was not my fault. It was a nice conversation and I'm glad I didn't burn any bridges with this agency. What next? It's been a couple of years since I tried a Chinese provider, but I had the number of a nearby Chinese condo, and I still had enough to cover the $. 6 tariff. So I made a quick call and off I went. "KeKe" met me cheerfully in the garage and we rode the elevator together up to the dingy apt. She said she was 28 but looked around 40, body a bit thick but decent. I well know that the service you get is usually commensurate with the price, so I went in with lowered expectations. It turned out just about how I expected. I asked her for water, she had no glass and gave it to me in a bowl! No DFK, nixed back door play and FIV, gave CBJ and covered missionary to completion. What made it tolerable was that she was affectionate and seemed to genuinely enjoy herself, which was such a relief that I accepted half a loaf gladly. She doesn't speak English and I don't speak Chinese, so we were reduced to using the translation program on her phone to communicate. She asked me to come back again. There was no pressure to leave but since we couldn't really talk there was no point in prolonging the visit. I was out of there in about forty minutes. You can't always hit a home run in this hobby. Today I barely eked out a single. TaeKwonV 07-19-14, 16:43 Hi everyone, first time poster. I'm Korean and 31 yrs old atm. My friend recently introduced me to the world of AMP's. I must have lucked out the first few times as I managed to get cute, younger looking girls (23 ish). I was only half expecting a HE offer at the time but got FS instead. It blew my mind and I've been hooked ever since. This was in NY and I've quickly realized that I'm not going to be able to duplicate the experience here in NoVA where the majority of providers resemble my aunts and mom, gahhh! The one time I gave in and tried a more mature looking lady, didn't seem into it and did not take me seriously at all. Maybe I reminded her of her dickhead son? I don't know. I want to take the next step and visit an escort but as some of you have described, there seems to be a huge barrier to get in one of the K agencies. I've tried contacting TopLuminous, but haven't gotten a response nor do I expect one. If it weren't too risky, I'd give my employment info in a heart beat but my only option is to try and get references where I can and become a respected member on this board. I know it will take time but I wanted to just ask if any of you senior members are feeling generous and would be willing to put me on the fast track. If anyone shoots me a PM to get a private number of a bookie, I will be eternally grateful and repay the debt 3 x. I'll contribute to the forums whenever I can. In some of your guys' reviews you mention the language barrier and how you have nothing to talk about, maybe I can help there? At the very least I can give you guys some insight on Korean culture and latest trends. Kgirls do nothing but watch dramas and variety shows on their free time, you'll be sure to get some laughs and a smile if you mention some of them! Or you could always just shout out random phrases like Daebak ("Day-bach" awesome) to feel a little more comfortable. Anyway, thanks for reading and I hope to hear from you guys soon. I understand if I get flamed for asking for help on my first post but its worth a shot. TaeKwonV 07-19-14, 16:47 I'm having my friend (who's much better in Korean than I) try calling and emailing the K-agencies. I'm hoping he'll get the special ethnocentric treatment since most Koreans are racist bastards LOL. I doubt he'll be successful but its worth a shot. On another note I think I just got past screening on paradise hotties. I'm thinking about booking Nina. Have any of you guys had any experiences with this place. And will I be able to use this as a reference for future places. Thanks. Pcpc1688 07-19-14, 19:03 Booked an hour with "Barbara" at a reliable K-agency. Pretty face, smashing body, but as great as her physical gifts are, her heart was equally cold. She made as little physical and eye contact as possible, seemed bored and mechanical. Responded to my conversational efforts by laughing. After a quick shower, I tried caressing her gently and slowly to see if I could warm her up, but it didn't work. Went to touch her face, she ducked away: "Makeup. " Brushed my lips gently against hers, no response. I fell back on the bed covering my face with my hands, realizing I would get zero affection from this provider. I said, "I can't do it," and bailed. Fortunately I had not handed the envelope to her at the start, it was still in my shirt pocket. As I left I dropped $ on the table in the entry, if for no other reason to show good faith towards the agency, which has rarely disappointed me this way in the past. I was there only about 15 minutes. We didn't say a word to each other as I left. I felt disturbed and upset. Back in my car I called the booker, with whom I have long had good relations, and explained why I left. She was sympathetic, said some girls just don't have warmth, indicated this provider has gotten mixed feedback. She thanked me genuinely for leaving $, and seemed to agree this was not my fault. It was a nice conversation and I'm glad I didn't burn any bridges with this agency. What next? It's been a couple of years since I tried a Chinese provider, but I had the number of a nearby Chinese condo, and I still had enough to cover the $. 6 tariff. So I made a quick call and off I went. "KeKe" met me cheerfully in the garage and we rode the elevator together up to the dingy apt. She said she was 28 but looked around 40, body a bit thick but decent. I well know that the service you get is usually commensurate with the price, so I went in with lowered expectations. It turned out just about how I expected. I asked her for water, she had no glass and gave it to me in a bowl! No DFK, nixed back door play and FIV, gave CBJ and covered missionary to completion. What made it tolerable was that she was affectionate and seemed to genuinely enjoy herself, which was such a relief that I accepted half a loaf gladly. She doesn't speak English and I don't speak Chinese, so we were reduced to using the translation program on her phone to communicate. She asked me to come back again. There was no pressure to leave but since we couldn't really talk there was no point in prolonging the visit. I was out of there in about forty minutes. You can't always hit a home run in this hobby. Today I barely eked out a single.You actually left a Benji cause of your relationship with the Agency? Ambi, WTF dude I woulda left 20 and said nothing. Your booker woulda not said a single word to you as well. I'm sure this was a $$$ K Agency or 260. With the Chinese gals, its all work for the most part for them. They have bills to pay and LV bags to buy so in most cases YMMV. Of course in Socal, they all become my gfs for the hour or 2. No where in NOVA can you get 2 hours and MSOG with a decent looking MILF for 100 dolla. Yes that's my rate 100 dolla inc house fee. PC out. A John 07-20-14, 12:20 Well she coming back, she also has new phone PM for # 333953333954333950333951333952. Brian139 07-20-14, 18:40 "pretty much". BBBJCIMPM? What's CIMPM? Zack Lawrence 07-20-14, 18:54 I use to think of this girl as a sugar baby but it turns out she's more of a UTR because she's been seeing folks off of CL. Anyone interested in meeting her? Not the best but not bad either. If you don't have any history of posting here, don't bother PMing me.She is cute I wish I lived in your area. I lived in Little Creek for a few moths about 13 years ago. Pcpc1688 07-20-14, 22:15 Well she coming back, she also has new phone PM for # 333953333954333950333951333952.AJ, Thats one hot Chiquita mama. Can you pm me number and damages and menu please. PC out. TaeKwonV 07-25-14, 11:14 I keep using poor judgement despite seeing red flags for escort services. I was intrigued by Julie on dreamescortdc so decided to make an appointment. Nina had some terrible mixed and fake reviews but Julie had positives and possibly fake. She looked smoking hot on her pics and while I expected a fair amount of airbrushing etc. I thought that due to their high prices the girls in the pictures were real. Boy was I wrong, she looked nothing like her picture. Caked on makeup revealed some bad skin, she looked to be at least 25 lbs heavier, and her face just didn't look right. An agency rep was with her and swiped my cc and even though I only wanted an hour for $3 I was told it was a 2 hr minimum for $5 Additionally Julie made up some bs that she works on tips and wanted an additional $3 I talked her down to $$ since she said I was "good looking and nice". I saw both of these come up in some oThER reviews but it was mostly for the other girl Nina. So basically I coughed up $7 for a really unattractive girl. In hindsight I should have just paid $$ and told her to leave and save myself some money. She was friendly at least but wanted to talk too much. When we got down to business I could not manage to stay erect because I was not attracted at all to her. To her credit she did give an effort but after awhile I told her its not going to happen tonight. I don't think I'm cut out for this hobby nor can I afford it and this rate. Anyway thanks for reading and stay away from dreamescortdc. JmSuttr 07-26-14, 10:43 I keep using poor judgement despite seeing red flags for escort services. I was intrigued by Julie on dreamescortdc so decided to make an appointment. Nina had some terrible mixed and fake reviews but Julie had positives and possibly fake. She looked smoking hot on her pics and while I expected a fair amount of airbrushing etc. I thought that due to their high prices the girls in the pictures were real. Boy was I wrong, she looked nothing like her picture. Caked on makeup revealed some bad skin, she looked to be at least 25 lbs heavier, and her face just didn't look right. An agency rep was with her and swiped my cc and even though I only wanted an hour for $3 I was told it was a 2 hr minimum for $5 Additionally Julie made up some bs that she works on tips and wanted an additional $3 I talked her down to $$ since she said I was "good looking and nice". I saw both of these come up in some oThER reviews but it was mostly for the other girl Nina. So basically I coughed up $7 for a really unattractive girl. In hindsight I should have just paid $$ and told her to leave and save myself some money. She was friendly at least but wanted to talk too much. When we got down to business I could not manage to stay erect because I was not attracted at all to her. To her credit she did give an effort but after awhile I told her its not going to happen tonight. I don't think I'm cut out for this hobby nor can I afford it and this rate. Anyway thanks for reading and stay away from dreamescortdc.You got taken to the cleaners, my friend! If you want to continue in this hobby you need to do a lot more homework. Just like a carpenter measures twice, cuts once, you need to RTFF a lot before you make any more moves. One of the things you would have found in the forum is how dicey a proposition an outcall (to your place) is. I've written time and again that an outcall gives all the advantage and power to the provider or agency. Had you visited the provider you would have been able to walk when you saw that she didn't look like her pics. And if she asked for a cancellation fee, you could have simply said no and walked away. When they come to you, they can cause a scene that makes things embarrasing for you so that puts the pressure on you. Also, don't try to run before you can walk. You're going to make some mistakes so don't make them with the highest priced girls out there. Look for recommendations made in the forum by members who post field reports. Take the time to write a review for the oThER site (PM me if you don't know what that is) and then search for well-reviewed providers in your area. This hobby isn't rocket science, it just takes some basic homework and a little chutzpah. Member #4911 07-26-14, 11:45 I keep using poor judgement despite seeing red flags for escort services. I was intrigued by Julie on dreamescortdc so decided to make an appointment. Nina had some terrible mixed and fake reviews but Julie had positives and possibly fake. She looked smoking hot on her pics and while I expected a fair amount of airbrushing etc. I thought that due to their high prices the girls in the pictures were real. Boy was I wrong, she looked nothing like her picture. Caked on makeup revealed some bad skin, she looked to be at least 25 lbs heavier, and her face just didn't look right. An agency rep was with her and swiped my cc and even though I only wanted an hour for $3 I was told it was a 2 hr minimum for $5 Additionally Julie made up some bs that she works on tips and wanted an additional $3 I talked her down to $$ since she said I was "good looking and nice". I saw both of these come up in some oThER reviews but it was mostly for the other girl Nina. So basically I coughed up $7 for a really unattractive girl. In hindsight I should have just paid $$ and told her to leave and save myself some money. She was friendly at least but wanted to talk too much. When we got down to business I could not manage to stay erect because I was not attracted at all to her. To her credit she did give an effort but after awhile I told her its not going to happen tonight. I don't think I'm cut out for this hobby nor can I afford it and this rate. Anyway thanks for reading and stay away from dreamescortdc. I wasn't following your price point notes at first, so looked up this agency, and was shocked! $$$$$ and $$ tip for $$$$$$$ and you didn't like her. Ugh. You're playing outside of my league at those price points, but say I just won a big lottery payout and wanted to play with an advertised goddess for 2-hr at that price point, she had better be a goddess in person per my optic. Damn near perfect spinner and GFE++++ for me! ;) Try some less expensive options and stretch your funds out a bit for more fun. And unless you are at a hotel checking out the next morning (could still be a problem given you likely registered and paid for your hotel under your real name vice your monger name. Another point. Don't use your real name, use a monger name. I am guessing none of these gals use their real name so its all good), I would not recommend out-call, but opinions vary on this and everyone has different considerations to factor what works best for them. Always learning . BTW their ad does show "$$$ for 1-hr out-call to your upscale hotel or residence" - so for them to say there is a 2-hr minimum was BS! Not that I ever plan to do business with them... but hope others do not as well after your experience. TaeKwonV 08-08-14, 12:11 You got taken to the cleaners, my friend! If you want to continue in this hobby you need to do a lot more homework. Just like a carpenter measures twice, cuts once, you need to RTFF a lot before you make any more moves. One of the things you would have found in the forum is how dicey a proposition an outcall (to your place) is. I've written time and again that an outcall gives all the advantage and power to the provider or agency. Had you visited the provider you would have been able to walk when you saw that she didn't look like her pics. And if she asked for a cancellation fee, you could have simply said no and walked away. When they come to you, they can cause a scene that makes things embarrasing for you so that puts the pressure on you. Also, don't try to run before you can walk. You're going to make some mistakes so don't make them with the highest priced girls out there. Look for recommendations made in the forum by members who post field reports. Take the time to write a review for the oThER site (PM me if you don't know what that is) and then search for well-reviewed providers in your area. This hobby isn't rocket science, it just takes some basic homework and a little chutzpah.Thanks for the responses. I agree with everything you said. However, my options are very limited due to the fact that I'm unable to provide employment info and therefore get screened. The floodgates will remain locked unless a senior member is feeling generous and get me a reference somehow. Happy hunting guys and stay safe, I will stick to AMPs for now. JmSuttr 08-08-14, 15:34 Thanks for the responses. I agree with everything you said. However, my options are very limited due to the fact that I'm unable to provide employment info and therefore get screened. The floodgates will remain locked unless a senior member is feeling generous and get me a reference somehow. Happy hunting guys and stay safe, I will stick to AMPs for now.Nothing I wrote was intended to steer you toward the higher priced agencies which require employment info for screening purposes. F*ck that! I refuse to provide that kind of personal info and I don't give any of those outfits my business. But that doesn't mean the gates are locked, quite the opposite. There are a ton of independent providers out there who have no (or minimal) screening requirements and many of them have been reviewed both in this forum and on the oThER site. That's the field in which you should be plowing. If you want to set your sights a little higher (and pricier) then look on Eros but again steer clear of the agency girls and stick with the independents. Many of the good ones proudly post links to their reviews or will tell you their review number if you ask. So use AMPs as your backup plan, but don't be afraid to do the homework and branch out. And I think we've said enough about outcall. I never have a provider come to me because it puts me at too much of a disadvantage. I always want to have the option of walking away from any transaction without any drama. Aragorn 08-11-14, 01:29 There have been posts a plenty about how the Washington DC market and NOVA is particular are high priced, particularly in terms of their services, however this week The Economist magazine, although they refer to themselves as a newspaper, did a tremendous cover story about the business of sex and how the Internet is an industry disrupt or making it easier and safer to work in the world's oldest profession. The first eye opener is that, adjusting for inflation, we should be paying $395 for full service. Although they did not mention it by name, I'm pretty sure the frequented The othER board for much of their research. They also calculated the premium paid / earned for thinks like two girls, spanking or anal. All told we may not have it so bad, but having mongered in Argentina, Singapore and Venezuela, I love getting at least a good half hour of more for under $100. What a great time for a British mongered to be caught by his wife only to tell her" But lovie, I'm doing research for The Economist! JmSuttr 08-11-14, 10:24 There have been posts a plenty about how the Washington DC market and NOVA is particular are high priced, particularly in terms of their services, however this week The Economist magazine, although they refer to themselves as a newspaper, did a tremendous cover story about the business of sex and how the Internet is an industry disrupt or making it easier and safer to work in the world's oldest profession. The first eye opener is that, adjusting for inflation, we should be paying $395 for full service. Although they did not mention it by name, I'm pretty sure the frequented The othER board for much of their research. They also calculated the premium paid / earned for thinks like two girls, spanking or anal. All told we may not have it so bad, but having mongered in Argentina, Singapore and Venezuela, I love getting at least a good half hour of more for under $100. What a great time for a British mongered to be caught by his wife only to tell her" But lovie, I'm doing research for The Economist!www.economist.com/news/briefing/21611074-how-new-technology-shaking-up-oldest-business-more-bang-your-buck They make some interesting points but I'm always skeptical of analyses that say what prices "should" be when adjusted for inflation. The problem with those kinds of statements is they usually use an assumption that all prices go up in a linear fashion at the general rate of inflation. Since that obviously isn't true with the hobby, there must be other factors at play. If you read further in the article it's clear that one of those factors is that supply has gone up and in some cases demand has gone down. Countries which have had economic downturns have seen an increase in new providers who start in the hobby to make extra money or because they lost their regular job. Clients who have less disposable income have also either cut down on their hobbying or are seeking out lower cost options. And the existence of the internet just makes it easier for both provider and client to find what suits their needs. IMHO, the problem in the DMV region is that our government-centric economy is more resistant to the kinds of economic pressures that affect other areas. Providers have figured this out and they come here and charge higher prices than they would elsewhere. Horny mongers with more $ than sense fuel the problem by paying whatever is asked because they have the resources and don't have time (or inclination) to do proper homework. But, unless you move to another area or have the ability to take hobby-trips, that's the market we live in and we just have to suck it up and do the best we can. Roamin Roman 08-12-14, 20:00 Thanks for the responses. I agree with everything you said. However, my options are very limited due to the fact that I'm unable to provide employment info and therefore get screened. The floodgates will remain locked unless a senior member is feeling generous and get me a reference somehow. Happy hunting guys and stay safe, I will stick to AMPs for now. Nothing I wrote was intended to steer you toward the higher priced agencies which require employment info for screening purposes. F*ck that! I refuse to provide that kind of personal info and I don't give any of those outfits my business. But that doesn't mean the gates are locked, quite the opposite. There are a ton of independent providers out there who have no (or minimal) screening requirements.Agree with JmSuttr's words, although I'd even go a little further. There's just TOO much risk in providing any verifiable information about yourself, even "light screening. " There are enough other providers about whom any of us can obtain sufficient info / details to know whether that provider is worth a visit. If a provider tells me during a phone call (or, worse, after I arrive) that she requires screening, even "light screening," my reply is that I'm willing to give her the same info that she's requesting of me. That usually ends the "screening" nonsense. If not, I leave (or terminate the phone call) without any drama on my part. JmSuttr is right about avoiding agency girls (and ALL outcalls) and just sticking with independents. However, some girl who appears to be an independent MIGHT occasionally be a sting, and that is why you need to do your research. Nothing substitutes for doing your homework. If the girl is just too good to be true (TGTBT), or if she looks legit but there are no reviews of her in any of the usual sites on the 'Net, it's best to stay clear of her. If she's legit (and a good provider), she'll be around for a while and reviews will start appearing. Hope this helps. Be smart, be careful, and stay safe. RR. Jackman302 08-15-14, 14:12 Its been a while since I've been out of town and since I am home in NOVA for a while I haven't gotten action. I was wondering if anyone remembers the fun on Quann in Woodbridge and if anything still goes on over there? Anyone will to help me out would be appreciated! JM. Ambidextrous 08-26-14, 18:40 "Morgan" is Laotian, 27, fairly pretty, speaks decent English. Always interesting to try a new nationality. All communication before the visit, including screening, was by text. Her Tysons Corner hotel room opens to the street, no need to pass through a common area. Morgan has a robust body, big breasts and a kind, welcoming manner. Because she knew the drill and seemed comfortable she seemed like a veteran but said she's only done this work for 6 months. Affectionate and cooperative, unlimited kissing and touching, allowed DATO but no finger penetration. After initial obviously fake sound effects, seemed to get off pretty well from extended DATY and a small egg-shaped vibrator I brought along. Did several positions enthusiastically and agreed to finish with BBBJ w / PM. Nixed CIF for the familiar reason: "makeup. " Although her BJ technique was pretty good I needed to use my hand to finish and when I did she covered me with her hand to avoid getting splattered on the face. Disappointing but understandable. Damage for 1 hour: 3 x $. On the excellent Z-scale: Face 7, Body 7, Attitude 8, Service 7 1/2. JmSuttr 08-26-14, 18:52 "Morgan" is Laotian, 27, fairly pretty, speaks decent English. Always interesting to try a new nationality. All communication before the visit, including screening, was by text. Her Tysons Corner hotel room opens to the street, no need to pass through a common area. Morgan has a robust body, big breasts and a kind, welcoming manner. Because she knew the drill and seemed comfortable she seemed like a veteran but said she's only done this work for 6 months. Affectionate and cooperative, unlimited kissing and touching, allowed DATO but no finger penetration. After initial obviously fake sound effects, seemed to get off pretty well from extended DATY and a small egg-shaped vibrator I brought along. Did several positions enthusiastically and agreed to finish with BBBJ w / PM. Nixed CIF for the familiar reason: "makeup. " Although her BJ technique was pretty good I needed to use my hand to finish and when I did she covered me with her hand to avoid getting splattered on the face. Disappointing but understandable. Damage for 1 hour: 3 x $. On the excellent Z-scale: Face 7, Body 7, Attitude 8, Service 7 1/2.There are multiple providers out there using the name Morgan. Not sure which one is the subject of your report. Bunker Buster 08-26-14, 18:58 "Morgan" is Laotian, 27, fairly pretty, speaks decent English. Always interesting to try a new nationality. All communication before the visit, including screening, was by text. Her Tysons Corner hotel room opens to the street, no need to pass through a common area. There are a few Morgans on Backpage, but none that are Laotian. In my experience, passing through a common area to a hotel room is better than knocking on a door in plain view of the entire parking lot and observation posts across the street. It's much harder to notice frequent visitors to a door on an interior hallway, and you can always walk in the lobby and out the back stairs. Watta 09-06-14, 17:20 I don't get your way much anymore so when I do I really was NEEDING to see the girls at the FCCC but when I called 202-XXX-X000 there was a quick dump to VM and then no answer at all! If you will, PLEASE PM me the numbers for the TCCC (s) that you know of and I will gladly provide some phone numbers of some interesting women around Richmond. Thanks! WATTA sad situation to get up to NoVa with no good phone numbers! Ambidextrous 10-22-14, 15:20 In her ad "Angie" looks like a robo-babe. The ad does not list any agency, but I hoped she was a K-girl because that is my preference. I booked a 10 am appointment, arrived on time and texted her. She texted me to wait "5 minutes," which turned into 10, then she texted me the room number. Game face on, I strolled calmly through the hotel lobby and up the elevator I went. Angie turned out to be a very attractive Thai girl, but by the time I got inside the room it was 15 minutes past the hour and I was afraid of clock-watching. I asked if she had another appointment after me. There was a language barrier but I understood her to say that her next appointment was at ten minutes after 11, leaving me 55 minutes at most. Being shorted on time because she was not ready is a deal-breaker for me, so I explained and politely bailed, which she accepted although I don't know if she understood the reason. From my car I called my two go-to K-agencies, but no immediate appointment was available. Then I thought of the Chinese condo located on Lincoln Way. I have had their number for several years and I don't even know where (or if) they advertise these days. The rate has been $. 6/ h since I first went there. I knew I was taking a chance on the service I might get, but I was on a mission, so I called and was able to book an immediate appointment. They have changed locations so I had to find the new place, not far away. Behind the door in the darkened room stood "Coco," about 30, not very pretty but a perfect body, perky be-cups and flat stomach. She smiled thinly but was not warm, seemed a little shy and spoke very little English. She did not seem to like to kiss, but I still gave her all the affection I could. Her pussy was as perfect as it comes and I thoroughly enjoyed giving her a long unhurried DATY which culminated in a climax that I believe was as fully satisfying to her as it was to me. Slipped on a condom and we went at it in several positions for about ten minutes. She enjoyed it but resisted kissing, disappointing to me. I prefer to finish with BBBJ so I took off the condom and motioned to her mouth. To my surprise she shook her head no. I reminded myself that this was not the K-service I am used to so I straddled her and using her hand and mine, finished on her excellent chest. Though she held her hand up to shield her face I still dumped a major load on her. I enjoyed it immensely, but she made a face like it was distasteful and immediately headed to the bathroom to clean up. It seems that providers who like having come in their mouth or on their body (or at least act as if they do) exist only in porn. After we cleaned up I figured she was disgusted with me but there was still some time left, so I laid down on the bed and motioned for her to cuddle with me. She did so and to my surprise even seemed affectionate, so we enjoyed a moment of quiet closeness. I guess she had no hard feelings after all. I can't deny that I got a lot of pleasure and saved over a hundred bucks, but this experience confirmed to me that the premium you pay for a K-girl is worth it. On the excellent Z-scale: Face 6, Body 9, Attitude 6, Service 5. Zhuxi 10-22-14, 20:03 "Morgan" is Laotian, 27, fairly pretty, speaks decent English. Always interesting to try a new nationality. All communication before the visit, including screening, was by text. Her Tysons Corner hotel room opens to the street, no need to pass through a common area. Morgan has a robust body, big breasts and a kind, welcoming manner. Because she knew the drill and seemed comfortable she seemed like a veteran but said she's only done this work for 6 months. Affectionate and cooperative, unlimited kissing and touching, allowed DATO but no finger penetration. After initial obviously fake sound effects, seemed to get off pretty well from extended DATY and a small egg-shaped vibrator I brought along. Did several positions enthusiastically and agreed to finish with BBBJ w / PM. Nixed CIF for the familiar reason: "makeup. " Although her BJ technique was pretty good I needed to use my hand to finish and when I did she covered me with her hand to avoid getting splattered on the face. Disappointing but understandable. Damage for 1 hour: 3 x $. On the excellent Z-scale: Face 7, Body 7, Attitude 8, Service 7 1/2.Thanks for keeping the escort thread hot Amb. You're a good man, and you're right, it is a good scale my friend. Hah! Zhuxi. Ambidextrous 10-31-14, 07:52 Viki is young and does not have a feel for the job. Fussy, bossy, stopped me many times (don't touch hair or face), faked O, poor BJ technique. I felt she does not like this activity and has no idea what a man wants. I was disappointed big time and because this has happened a couple of times at this agency (Barbara) I am going to try to go elsewhere for a while. My experience FWIW. Face 8 Body 8 Attitude 2 Service 2 Member #4932 11-01-14, 04:10 In her ad "Angie" looks like a robo-babe. The ad does not list any agency, but I hoped she was a K-girl because that is my preference. I booked a 10 am appointment, arrived on time and texted her. She texted me to wait "5 minutes," which turned into 10, then she texted me the room number. Game face on, I strolled calmly through the hotel lobby and up the elevator I went. Angie turned out to be a very attractive Thai girl, but by the time I got inside the room it was 15 minutes past the hour and I was afraid of clock-watching. I asked if she had another appointment after me. There was a language barrier but I understood her to say that her next appointment was at ten minutes after 11, leaving me 55 minutes at most. Being shorted on time because she was not ready is a deal-breaker for me, so I explained and politely bailed, which she accepted although I don't know if she understood the reason. From my car I called my two go-to K-agencies, but no immediate appointment was available. Then I thought of the Chinese condo located on Lincoln Way. I have had their number for several years and I don't even know where (or if) they advertise these days. The rate has been $. 6/ h since I first went there. I knew I was taking a chance on the service I might get, but I was on a mission, so I called and was able to book an immediate appointment. They have changed locations so I had to find the new place, not far away. Behind the door in the darkened room stood "Coco," about 30, not very pretty but a perfect body, perky be-cups and flat stomach. She smiled thinly but was not warm, seemed a little shy and spoke very little English. She did not seem to like to kiss, but I still gave her all the affection I could. Her pussy was as perfect as it comes and I thoroughly enjoyed giving her a long unhurried DATY which culminated in a climax that I believe was as fully satisfying to her as it was to me. Slipped on a condom and we went at it in several positions for about ten minutes. She enjoyed it but resisted kissing, disappointing to me. I prefer to finish with BBBJ so I took off the condom and motioned to her mouth. To my surprise she shook her head no. I reminded myself that this was not the K-service I am used to so I straddled her and using her hand and mine, finished on her excellent chest. Though she held her hand up to shield her face I still dumped a major load on her. I enjoyed it immensely, but she made a face like it was distasteful and immediately headed to the bathroom to clean up. It seems that providers who like having come in their mouth or on their body (or at least act as if they do) exist only in porn. After we cleaned up I figured she was disgusted with me but there was still some time left, so I laid down on the bed and motioned for her to cuddle with me. She did so and to my surprise even seemed affectionate, so we enjoyed a moment of quiet closeness. I guess she had no hard feelings after all. I can't deny that I got a lot of pleasure and saved over a hundred bucks, but this experience confirmed to me that the premium you pay for a K-girl is worth it. On the excellent Z-scale: Face 6, Body 9, Attitude 6, Service 5.You need to find one or two gals that like COF or swallow and stick to them? Ambidextrous 11-16-14, 09:23 I could not find any reviews on Miko but her ad looked OK so I decided to take a chance. In the ad she said she "provides an incredible GFE. " On the phone she quoted me 3 $/ h, a premium price that in this area gets you BBBJCIM. Arrived at her Tyson's Corner hotel, she was ready on time. Miko said she is Japanese, maybe so but she speaks English like a native. Her ad says she is 27 but I would give her ten years more than that. She has also gained weight since the ad photos were taken (or they were photoshopped). While the ad photos might show a 7 or 8 in attractiveness, in person she is about a 5. A provider of marginal attractiveness who charges 3 $/ h had better at least give good service. But I quickly ran into problems when she put a condom on me right away and refused DATY, saying it was for health reasons. She had asked me for payment when I disrobed and I put the envelope containing 3 $ on the dresser. When she declined DATY and seemed intent on following her own agenda I lost the little enthusiasm I had and decided to abort the mission. I told her that her limitations were a turnoff, put my clothes back on, and said I wanted my money back. She said she doesn't give money back, but I picked the envelope up from where I left it, took out $60 and put it on the dresser, and left. I said I felt $60 was more than fair for the ten minutes I had been there. She was angry and said nothing as I left, although I said "Sorry about that. ". This should have been a wakeup call for her. This kind of provider might be worth $. 5/ h at the most. Buyer beware. Bunker Buster 11-16-14, 15:50 I could not find any reviews on Miko but her ad looked OK so I decided to take a chance. In the ad she said she "provides an incredible GFE. " On the phone she quoted me 3 $/ h, a premium price that in this area gets you BBBJCIM. Arrived at her Tyson's Corner hotel, she was ready on time. Miko said she is Japanese, maybe so but she speaks English like a native. Her ad says she is 27 but I would give her ten years more than that. She has also gained weight since the ad photos were taken (or they were photoshopped). While the ad photos might show a 7 or 8 in attractiveness, in person she is about a 5. A provider of marginal attractiveness who charges 3 $/ h had better at least give good service. But I quickly ran into problems when she put a condom on me right away and refused DATY, saying it was for health reasons. She had asked me for payment when I disrobed and I put the envelope containing 3 $ on the dresser. When she declined DATY and seemed intent on following her own agenda I lost the little enthusiasm I had and decided to abort the mission. I told her that her limitations were a turnoff, put my clothes back on, and said I wanted my money back. She said she doesn't give money back, but I picked the envelope up from where I left it, took out $60 and put it on the dresser, and left. I said I felt $60 was more than fair for the ten minutes I had been there. She was angry and said nothing as I left, although I said "Sorry about that. ". This should have been a wakeup call for her. This kind of provider might be worth $. 5/ h at the most. Buyer beware.You must be doing well to roll the dice at $300 on a pig in a poke. No reviews, fake pix, and there's a 5 behind Door #1, but you still laid down that coin? If we lived in the 1700's, we'd put you in the stocks and throw fruit at you to shame you into better behavior. At least you had the good sense to abort and walk out with $240, so we'll only keep you in the stocks for a few minutes. My rule is worth repeating here: for an unknown, unreviewed provider, start with the shortest-available session. Don't pour your life savings into a speculative land deal before even seeing the soil test, LOL. Once you've seen her, and things are going well, you can always suggest extending, and I've rarely heard of a girl who refuses more money. If things don't go well, you're only out $60-$120, leaving you more than enough for a make-up visit with someone else. And why are you still messing around with the Asian ads which have been proven over and over and over to be fake pix? The girl in the room is ALWAYS 10+ years older, 3 points lower in appearance, and no better than a 5-6 in performance. $300 is a lot of money, even in DC. If you're determined to drop $300, there are some well-reviewed, Grade-A girls around town that hit 9-10 on the civilian scale, and you're guaranteed an 8-9 experience. If I were going to spend that kind of $, I'd go see someone like Bedroom Barbie, a well-reviewed Roanoke girl who travels around the state. She's phenomenal looking, and has great reviews. http://www.bedroombarbie.com/ Drunker Irish 11-16-14, 19:27 She had asked me for payment when I disrobed and I put the envelope containing 3 $ on the dresser. When she declined DATY and seemed intent on following her own agenda I lost the little enthusiasm I had and decided to abort the mission. I told her that her limitations were a turnoff, put my clothes back on, and said I wanted my money back. She said she doesn't give money back, but I picked the envelope up from where I left it, took out $60 and put it on the dresser, and left. I said I felt $60 was more than fair for the ten minutes I had been there. She was angry and said nothing as I left, although I said "Sorry about that. ".Good on you. I wouldn't feel bad or apologized either. We need to learn as customers to be more assertive. I think you could have taken back $200 with no problem IMHO. JmSuttr 11-17-14, 19:14 I could not find any reviews on Miko but her ad looked OK so I decided to take a chance. In the ad she said she "provides an incredible GFE. " On the phone she quoted me 3 $/ h, a premium price that in this area gets you BBBJCIM. Arrived at her Tyson's Corner hotel, she was ready on time. Miko said she is Japanese, maybe so but she speaks English like a native. Her ad says she is 27 but I would give her ten years more than that. She has also gained weight since the ad photos were taken (or they were photoshopped). While the ad photos might show a 7 or 8 in attractiveness, in person she is about a 5. A provider of marginal attractiveness who charges 3 $/ h had better at least give good service. But I quickly ran into problems when she put a condom on me right away and refused DATY, saying it was for health reasons. She had asked me for payment when I disrobed and I put the envelope containing 3 $ on the dresser. When she declined DATY and seemed intent on following her own agenda I lost the little enthusiasm I had and decided to abort the mission. I told her that her limitations were a turnoff, put my clothes back on, and said I wanted my money back. She said she doesn't give money back, but I picked the envelope up from where I left it, took out $60 and put it on the dresser, and left. I said I felt $60 was more than fair for the ten minutes I had been there. She was angry and said nothing as I left, although I said "Sorry about that. ". This should have been a wakeup call for her. This kind of provider might be worth $. 5/ h at the most. Buyer beware.First, I'm assuming this is the (incredible GFE) Miko to whom you're referring: http://www.eros.com/us/washington_dc/files/520423.htm I heartily concur with the sage advice posted by BB and in addition I would like to offer the observation that a simple google search of the number would have led you to an ad using the EXACT same wording (except for the name) even including the way the text in the ad is underlined, which should have been a red flag. http://www.eros.com/us/washington_dc/files/509655.htm The second ad, even without doing a search on the photos (which come back to porn sites, BTW), would have clued you in to the fact you weren't dealing with an independent and would at least have put you more on your guard. Also, 646 is a NYC prefix and while there are a number of great, legit providers who visit from NYC there are also plenty of scam agencies and individual scam providers who prey on gullible and horny hobbyists. At a minimum, IMHO, a NYC phone prefix is an indicator that extra homework is warranted. And the fact the girl who opened the door was a 5 instead of the advertised 8+ should have been the final red flag to make you walk away. Here's why: when a low-to-med priced BP girl doesn't match her pics that's not ideal but not altogether unexpected. But it's much more unusual when a supposedly top-notch, high-end, sophisticated provider (who advertises herself in superlative terms) is so far off the mark. A true high-end provider is generally very concerned about her reputation and is less likely to misrepresent herself or her services. The minute you saw a 5 on the other side of the door it meant there was absolutely nothing about the ad you could trust. If you're in the mood for a $300 girl, then do a search on the oThER site, or Eros or BP with the price as your search parameter and then do some homework on those search results. Or, if you're in the mood for Asian providers, search specifically for them and let those results guide your homework efforts. No matter what process you use, a little homework is absolutely a better way to save yourself the time, aggravation and $ you waste when you wing it and hope for the best. P.S. Extremely lucky for you she didn't have a "manager" nearby when you decided to take back part of the fee. If she had, that situation could have gone sideways in a hurry, and not in a good way. P. P.S. All the EROS ads look good, including (or maybe, especially) the scam ones. Zhuxi 11-19-14, 10:07 My man you are more than familiar with the agencies. For the 300, the quality is almost always 8+ looks wise (l hesitate to say always, but I haven't been disappointed by an agency looks wise yet), and the experience is solid. Stick to those Ambidexterious. I have frequented one (and reviewed it without naming) - I'll post a newer review on it a bit, but my experiences have all been close to an A grade. Which for me means worth the cash without all the hassle of BP. I believe we have talked about it before, but PM if you want the agency I speak of, since it sounds like you might be tired of your goto's. Bunker and Jm always have good takes. Zhuxi. Indvir 11-20-14, 21:29 Viki is young and does not have a feel for the job. Fussy, bossy, stopped me many times (don't touch hair or face), faked O, poor BJ technique. I felt she does not like this activity and has no idea what a man wants. I was disappointed big time and because this has happened a couple of times at this agency (Barbara) I am going to try to go elsewhere for a while. My experience FWIW. Face 8 Body 8 Attitude 2 Service 2Sorry to be late for report. Barbara had some physical issues like weak legs and arm, struggling to stand straight, felt weird. Just disappointed with the agency recently. All were good in past. A John 11-23-14, 14:59 Sky is a little taller then the add stated 5'7" or 5'8" great worker easy on the eyes to. Would repeat. http://www.topluminousva.com/#!new-/ ccxs. Round The Way 12-01-14, 00:27 Good on you. I wouldn't feel bad or apologized either. We need to learn as customers to be more assertive. I think you could have taken back $200 with no problem IMHO.He took back 240 and left her only $60. Indvir 12-01-14, 20:40 Sorry to be late for report. Barbara had some physical issues like weak legs and arm, struggling to stand straight, felt weird. Just disappointed with the agency recently. All were good in past.Saw Karla recently from same group, and was above average. She was a spinner and very tall. Attitude 9, appearance 8 , skill 7 which is similar to the experiences in the past. Now I have a feeling to check back them again. Va Fun Tymes 12-15-14, 08:39 Anyone have a lady I should see while in the area? Thanks for any help. Bunker Buster 12-15-14, 16:29 Anyone have a lady I should see while in the area? Thanks for any help.With a ten-year posting history of traveling around and asking for recommendations, have you thought about posting up a thank-you after moving on, or maybe more than one review every other year? Visiting seniors are usually extended all courtesies around the country, but there is such a thing as taking unfair advantage. One might be skeptical about your pre-travel research; even seniors should read back on local boards before traveling. My experience has been that when you read back, look through ads, search reviews, then post or send PMs to local members showing that you've made the effort, they'll open the spigot for you. If you have a question about a girl you've looked up, or especially questions about which areas are safe or dangerous, I'd be happy to steer you in the right direction, but maybe you could balance the 'take' side of the scale a bit with the occasional 'give'? Va Fun Tymes 12-15-14, 19:43 With a ten-year posting history of traveling around and asking for recommendations, have you thought about posting up a thank-you after moving on, or maybe more than one review every other year? Visiting seniors are usually extended all courtesies around the country, but there is such a thing as taking unfair advantage. One might be skeptical about your pre-travel research; even seniors should read back on local boards before traveling. My experience has been that when you read back, look through ads, search reviews, then post or send PMs to local members showing that you've made the effort, they'll open the spigot for you. If you have a question about a girl you've looked up, or especially questions about which areas are safe or dangerous, I'd be happy to steer you in the right direction, but maybe you could balance the 'take' side of the scale a bit with the occasional 'give'?No worries there BB. I do my share of passing info along. Most of my friends prefer to pass info through PM. I try not to bring attention if someone dosent want to be known for sharing info. If you ever make it to Richmond, Orlando, or Seattle I will glady pass a smile or three your way. Thanks. Mcsylv 01-13-15, 06:26 Hello everyone, new member here. Does anyone know anything about Bridgett Goulart / Stephanie? Here is her website: http://www.jetsetbridgett.net/about.html Her other website I'd is 161996. She's got a lot of reviews, but almost all of them are from 2012, except for 2 recent ones. Vamassage Fan 01-14-15, 00:12 Opted for a Chinese Nuru session. Pics are younger than she is but she was still attractive and young enough (mid 30's my guess) to be quite tight and enjoyable. Not quite the Nuru I expected but had a great time for the price. Would repeat. Seniors pm for details. http://nova.backpage.com/BodyRubs/new-young-asian-all-naturalandvery-sensitive-nude-nuru/16712962 DcFishMonger 02-06-15, 05:35 Opted for a Chinese Nuru session. Pics are younger than she is but she was still attractive and young enough (mid 30's my guess) to be quite tight and enjoyable. Not quite the Nuru I expected but had a great time for the price. Would repeat. Seniors pm for details. http://nova.backpage.com/BodyRubs/new-young-asian-all-naturalandvery-sensitive-nude-nuru/16712962If you're a fan of nuru, there's three Thai and one white who offer the real deal in the NoVA area. BP always claims it, but none of them have any idea as they're all the not so unexpectedly disappointing, low quality see-girls we've all encountered at one point. Of the three Thai, I've only seen A recently. She's great, but avoid if you're allergic to cats. Be is the most consistent, but the years have not been all too kind as she's been ridden hard by many. I've lost touch with E as she was always "on vacation". J is decent, but too amazonian for my tastes. Stay safe & GLHF! Qwety 02-07-15, 09:45 Asian girl in VA. Would like to hear your experience with this girl. Roamin Roman 02-08-15, 07:23 Asian girl in VA. Would like to hear your experience with this girl.Interesting, that your first three posts (one in the NoVa board, one in the DC board, and one in the Richmond board) have all been to ask about other members' experiences with Xkittenx. On the Richmond board, you even recommend that others avoid her. Aside from this "broad" query, the fact that you've not shared any of your own experience with her is not something that will incline others to share theirs. Additionally, the fact that you have no other posting history, yet expect others to supply private details with someone who is basically a stranger, is another thing that will disincline others from sharing. Further, there is a possibility that you might be LEO posing as a legitimate monger. It's rumored that LEO does that on various sites, from time to time. Please bear in mind: If you do not receive any responses, it's not because other members are stingy and unwilling to share. Instead, it's probably because you, being a new member, have not shared anything with the community first. Information is the "coin of the realm" here. Those who share information on these boards obtained that info via expenditure of (a) their hard-earned dollars and (b) their limited and generally valuable personal free time. Asking for that information, gratis, is thus bad form. As ol' Desert Pete once said: "You've got to give before you get." Just an observation and a small bit of (hopefully) helpful advice. - Roman. Wiiiiam 02-09-15, 21:48 I have been on USA for a while but have not posted much. Mostly interested in Ladies who are wutr (way under the radar). GFE or close and worth the price. Roxanna on BP is all she says and can be more. Maybe hard to find but go for the early special. I know a couple ladies who like to have a good time with gentlemen if they like you and your compensation for innocent companionship. Asian 30's. Very nice to talk to and Cambodian 20's very sweet to be with. I am willing to trade info for ladies in the area. I like older ladies and really looking for a friend my age that likes to talk and have some fun. Serpico99 02-10-15, 11:36 I'm tempted to try a provider named Jin and from past reports, on here and from the other site, it says you have to pass a screening by her handler (a male). If anyone has seen Jin, can you tell me what type of screening is involved? If it's calling / emailing me at work to confirm my work employment, that will be non-starter. Backchannel if you would like. Thanks. S Smith 02-11-15, 11:58 Hello, I have recently decided to try and see one of the girls at one of the local K-girl agencies. The problem is, all the girls I have seen are from BP and when I try to use them as references I never hear back from the K-girl screener. Does anybody know of any good "newb friendly" providers in the area that don't require references but can be used as a reference later? Oh I have seen Jin, so that can be 1 of 3 references I need. Thanks for any help guys, PM if you could. Qwety 02-12-15, 23:39 Interesting, that your first three posts (one in the NoVa board, one in the DC board, and one in the Richmond board) have all been to ask about other members' experiences with Xkittenx. On the Richmond board, you even recommend that others avoid her. Aside from this "broad" query, the fact that you've not shared any of your own experience with her is not something that will incline others to share theirs. Additionally, the fact that you have no other posting history, yet expect others to supply private details with someone who is basically a stranger, is another thing that will disincline others from sharing. Further, there is a possibility that you might be LEO posing as a legitimate monger. It's rumored that LEO does that on various sites, from time to time. Please bear in mind: If you do not receive any responses, it's not because other members are stingy and unwilling to share. Instead, it's probably because you, being a new member, have not shared anything with the community first. Information is the "coin of the realm" here. Those who share information on these boards obtained that info via expenditure of (a) their hard-earned dollars and (b) their limited and generally valuable personal free time. Asking for that information, gratis, is thus bad form. As ol' Desert Pete once said: "You've got to give before you get." Just an observation and a small bit of (hopefully) helpful advice. - Roman.I was not looking for general information. I have been in the rodeo a while now. Just did not want my senior account tied to anything with her name. NotMe00 02-13-15, 10:24 Hello, I have recently decided to try and see one of the girls at one of the local K-girl agencies. The problem is, all the girls I have seen are from BP and when I try to use them as references I never hear back from the K-girl screener. Does anybody know of any good "newb friendly" providers in the area that don't require references but can be used as a reference later? Oh I have seen Jin, so that can be 1 of 3 references I need. Thanks for any help guys, PM if you could.Neither are in town at the moment but both of these ladies visit frequently will do alternative screening and are also lots of fun. Mariana the Muse and Laura Croft aka nightpearl. Stay safe. PearlZ176 02-22-15, 11:04 Hi all, Does anyone have any info on Jennifers models? It's located in Tysons corner. http://www.jennifersmodels.com/ Thanks. Marlo 02-23-15, 00:45 Hi all, Does anyone have any info on Jennifers models? It's located in Tysons corner. http://www.jennifersmodels.com/ Thanks.Depends on the model. Their location is listed with each model. TC and Dupont Circle that I can recall. PearlZ176 02-25-15, 21:56 Depends on the model. Their location is listed with each model. TC and Dupont Circle that I can recall.I called the number and I was told that the main location is at Tysons Corner. I was wondering if anyone has been with any of the girls from this agency. Suspect 03-03-15, 19:24 Okays folks so I've been eyeing this girl's ad for a long while and decided to hit up Jade Marie finally, 415-967-0197. I haven't seen anyone reviewed her on this forum, only on TER and all of them seemed like they enjoyed somewhat. I decided to call her and asked "how much is your half" and she said "$200" right off the bat, I was thinking WTF? I paused and stuttered, and she said "well how much do you have? I thought for a second and said something a little bit above reasonable or average cost "$160" and she agreed, she texted me the address and so I went within 30 min. I arrive at a pretty upscale place and called her, and she gave me the room number, went up there, she opened the door and she was already in panties and a bra and did a quick suprising LE check. Placed the donation on the table and started to undress, I analyzed her body and it was her on the ad but a few pounds heavier, like 5'5, 135 lbs, I noticed she have several cuts on arms and legs, and healing incisions from a titjob xD but her new melons were looking really good, she also had a large blister on her lip and a couple pimples on her face, I'm thinking man this girl better not be "sick", her body is a bit sloppy. She starts with a CBJ for 1 min just to get it up away we go with mish. After about 5 min she whispers cum baby. I'm like WTF. I keep going for another 5 min and she repeats it. I was in and out "The Door" in about 16 min. Her attitude is bland BTW. This girl will try to get as much as she can get for a little time as possible! Will definitely not repeat and recommend you folks not to as well, she is usually in the NOVA area but mostly in MD side. She might be pissed that I'll ruin her good reputation. Suspect 03-03-15, 19:47 I have been eyeing this one for a little bit and decided to hit her up, I texted her 571-623-1630 and she responded with a text in a reasonable amount of time. She had an expensive outcall service for $200 for the hour, I texted her and asked "Can you do $140 for the half" she agreed and we decided to set up a time in the evening. So I texted her the address and she came thru. I was a bit happy with what I saw, she was about 5'4 and 125 lbs. She came in seeming so insecure about who is home and kept asking were not going to be disturbed I assured her and we continued. She is a talker maybe because she was a bit nervous. After about 5 min of normal talking we went ahead and undressed, she started with a BBBJ, pulled out her natural big breasts it was AMAZING, the view and feeling! Also did a combo of BBBJ and titjob at the same time. After about 5 min she put the hat on and decided to go mish. It was amazing and tight. I couldn't even last for more than 15 min. She was in and out in about 25 min. She is definitely not a clock watcher, If I didn't release so soon I would have tried a couple more positions and took an hour! I tried to set something up another time but she got irritated because I put her off 2 times due to my schedule was tight and she said don't text me again ever LOL, Ill hit her up in about a year or so. I you folks try her out! Andrewsted 03-04-15, 03:28 Ok, maybe a long explanation. A few years ago (2 1/2) I went to A Mid priced hotel in Sterling to see Preggo Ashleigh love. She was great! I love preggos. When I was going to her room, I passed Moaning Monika / Monika Swan in the hall. She is way, way cute and I just had to see her. Alas, it didn't happen then. Fast forward 2 years later (Nov. 2014) and I finally get a chance to see her at the same mid priced hotel. She had an ad on BP and was advertising 2 girls, the other was a cute, short, petite AA gal but forget her name. She was in the bathroom and came out after we were done. I called Monika to set up appt and she had me go to the gas station and buy a water before she gave me hotel info but I knew because I had been the 2 yrs prior to see her friend Ashleigh Love. So, I get the water, call her, she calls back and gives me hotel name. I'm now in the parking lot and this is where it gets frustrating / weird: she wants to see me and my car so she says park to right / end of hotel. I do so, to the right if I'm looking at the hotel. She is in her room and looking to the right as she is looking out of her hotel room window. She's yelling at me that she can't see me. I tell her that I'm at the end, to the right. She gets belligerent and rude. I finally assume that she's confused and looking toward her other right. So, I move, park, she sees me then gives me room number. I walk in but forget water. Greets me at the door, gives me a hug when I walk in and she looks great! Petite, spinner and an ass to die for and or kill fir. Fantastic frame! She had been advertising 1. 2 for qv then it went to 1. 0 then to. 8. I told her that she should not charge. 8 because she was way too hot for. 8 rate but she said business was way way too slow and she had to lower. Deed was good but her who haww smelled. I tell her that I have been watching her for awhile now and last saw her when she was with her preggo friend Ashleigh. She was like: "oh yea, I can't believe she worked while preggo". Fast forward five months (November to March): Monika is back in town and coincidently so Is Ashleigh Love. They both have ads on BP. So, Monikas ad says text is ok if she has seen you before. So, I saw her in early November already. I texted and gave her a specific date we met. She calls me and freaks out and says that is way way too cop like to give her a specific date and she says she doesn't even recall being her in November! So, she freaks out and thinks I'm uncle LEO. I thought it best to give her a specific date vs telling her: "oh yea, we met, I saw you a few months ago". I thought that would ge too vague and thought she would think that to be cop like. I even told her that the last time she was here she was with a short AA gal. That seemed to ring a bell with her memory. So, she says she'll call back in 20 minutes. Well, to her credit, she did call back but it was 6 hours later! I figured that her business was slow and at midnight, she needed the 1. 2 from me and decided to call me, finally. I let it go to voicemail and have not called her back. She is very nice in person. Very personable, down to earth, kind. But over the phone she is paranoid, way too much. I see now, a day or 2 later, both her and Ashleigh are now advertising. 8 rate for qv. I'm guessing business is slow, again. I may or may not call Monika. Have not decided. But for the mothers out there, if you finally get to meet her, you will be very pleased with your visit! Sexingit 03-04-15, 12:52 Captain save a hoe Never tell them to increase prices. Just tell us how good of a value she is. Nothing worse than a monger gassing these broads head. If anything tell her to lower her rates. I bet you love paying full retail on used items. Kenwood Jack 03-06-15, 18:41 I know you mongers don't know me ... but check me out. In Cincinnati, search Kenwood or Jack. Or just look at my posts. On a recent trip to Tampa, I saw 5 providers. All were legit, delivered as promised, yet I gave just a so-so review to 3 of them, and as of today, I have decided not to review the 4th. Angie is coming to visit you guys, so here is my review. It is honest and forthright. Angie Summers. (Just look her up on TER.) She visited at my 4 star hotel in Tampa. I don't know this at all, but I would bet that she has enjoyed an alternative lifestyle in her youth. She seems not to understand the word 'no'. She wants to please. Did she look like her pictures? She looks much better. She has a bangin' body for her age. Her boobs seem incredibly firm with no sag (and no enhancements). She is not a spinner at all but seems very fit with a few tattoos and a few piercings. She is defiantly (spelled correctly) wild at heart. http://www.40somethingmag.com/xxx-mature-models/model/2699/?nats=MTIyNzMzNjo0OjI,0 http://mpp.tc/gkz She is an amateur porn star. http://www.slaveangie.com/ http://www.angie-summers.com/ Boobs: All hers, and they're marvelous. General body type: Bangin' body for a lady of 50+ (probably lost 25 pounds since her pictures). What was the ease / difficulty of scheduling? I scheduled long in advance by email. Was she on time? She was ready and on time. How did we set it up? Texting 40 times? Or what? Easy set up. I sent her a text of my hotel address. REFERENCES NEEDED (or not). REFERENCES NEEDED. Cleanliness of girl: She was very clean and freshly showered. No smells (smoking or otherwise). Attitude: She was very subservient (I loved this!). Skill: professional level of a courtesan. Performance: 10 out of 10. Comfortability level: 10 out of 10. Chemistry: 5 (This is a huge number for me). Personality: 8 out of 10. She was very engaging. Ambiance: What did she do to set the mood? She sat down to talk to me for a while. It felt like a first date with a very sexy lady. Spidey sense-o-meter = 0 This means nothing registered to worry me. Nothing. No smells to take home. Nothing. No worry about the environs. Nothing. No red flags of any kind. Nothing. No boyfriends lurking. Nothing. Intangibles. She not only exudes sex appeal, but also seems like a next-door-neighbor (that you just found out has a dungeon in her basement). Angie is a special lady. She has a kind heart and only wants to please. Would I see this person outside of the industry on a personal level? Only if she would let me! Constructive criticism. What could I have done to make the experience better. 1. Not seen a different provider that same morning. 2. Not said, "No, you don't need to bring you bag of toys. ". 3. Booked more than just 1 hour. What's on the menu for everyone? We know it's always YMMV, but menu includes at least BBBJ, CFS, CGREEK, GFE, DATY, MSOG, BDSM FETISHES, different positions, LFK, DFK, TUMA. She will cater your experience to fit your needs and fulfill your desires. She is a natural sub. Is she a kisser? She is a kisser. Her finishing move today? Prostate massage with BBBJCIMNQNS Did she provide clean up after the pop? No clean up needed. What was her specialty? She is a natural sub.. Overall pros: She will do whatever you want. Beautiful mature lady, smart, willing to please, no upsell, safe, clean. I would be very comfortable being with her in any public environment, whether a nice candlelight dinner, spelunking, or a local sporting event. Overall cons: (reasons a monger might not want to see her). She is mature. In Cincinnati, the providers I frequent are almost all 30 or younger. Cost: $300 for 1 hour. Overall value: Excellent. I WOULD RECOMMEND HIGHLY. A truly exceptional experience. Questions? - PM Kenwood Jack. LaBoumWill 03-13-15, 13:29 The following is my review on. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/special-your-new-exotic-asian-playmate/16081724 Ok all jokes aside I really do want to warn you to not use her lube, even if she uses it for your pre message she will get mad. LUCKILY as a formality I ALWAYS bring a gift, some agencies actually require it, I just like that little formality and gave her a Stuffed animal, Sealed Baby Oil Bottle, and Kpop Music Album. Arrangements. Set Up / Appointment. Really easy and fast. Just don't talk too fast, her English is poor. Be NICE. Incall. Hotel was really nice and clean. Massage - 30 minutes full Body both sides 9/10 Felt great sense I was a little sore from working out. Happy Ending - 30 minutes Nothing Kinky. No fingering. No Head (both ways) service delivery I'd rate 5/10 atmosphere was great though. GIRL. Ethnicity. Chinese. Visuals - 4/10 Not the girl you see on the AD. I asked if it was her friend and tried to get set up with her BUUUUT she said she was by herself. Age - 3/10 Totally fraudulent. Ad said 22 I would say she was in her 40's. Body. Really Nice. Very soft and takes care of herself. About 5 ft3 in. Attitude. OK I REALLY don't KNOW. She kept speaking in Mandarin and really did not want to be in any non traditional positions. Idk what she said but I was either hitting it too hard or she was getting upset. Really ambiguous. Price. 1 hr Session = $160. I drove 30 miles and wasn't about to leave empty handed. Even if I was disappointed it appeared to me she wasn't busy. During the set up I asked if I could see her from 10:30-2 pm. She said no prob. I'll just pay her this time and take my business elsewhere next time. Overall 5/10 I was disappointed but ill take the bullet here for the rest of the crew, especially sense there was no reviews on her. HOWEVER if your on the older side (35-40's) this is something worth your money sense you know its more in your age range and her body is still nice. No disrespect intended, just keeping it practical and hey some people like the older woman. I guess at the end of the day its your prerogative, but if you have any specific questions just PM me. ChuckEpoo 03-21-15, 15:29 Seen her ad on this forum, contact via pm, she responded with her email address. Sent her my number asked her to text me. Over a couple of day period of some back and forth sat up first appointment, I text that I was off work and had free time, she immediately responded great she was free also. We text back and forth about how to proceed and had a time to meet up, as I would drive to her location 1. 5 hours away. About 10 minutes later she responded if the next day wasn't better that a death in the family has occurred and today was the last day and she was needed there. So of course I agreed but wondered why if today was the last day, I was offered a date in the first place but no biggy. Next day agreed that I would drive up after work, 1. 5 hours, shower there, change, meet and greet, go out for a nice dinner and see where it went from there. Upon arrival her place was easy to find. A woman came out onto the porch dressed in baggy jeans and a sweatshirt hoodie. I asked if she was Jewel, as kittycatkteen is aka as jewel lovely or lovely jewel. She replied yes. I do not believe it is the women in the picture at all. I'm not saying this lady was ugly, just not the women in the picture. The bodies are certainly not the same. Being already 1. 5 hours invested, I proceeded into the apartment where I was immediate met by a man sitting in the living room, a woman sitting near him, and in the kitchen a elderly gentleman sitting at the table. Without uttering a word, Jewel proceeded into the bathroom which opens into the kitchen and turns the water on saying I could shower here. I handed Jewel the flowers I had picked up, told her it was nice meeting her, but this certainly would not work, and proceeded out of the apartment. Jewel followed and from the porch asked if the date was over, in astonishment I turned and walked back and replied yes, you should of told me there was a house full of people. Her reply was no one ever had a problem with it before. I left drove 1. 5 hours back in the great DC traffic. Damage - 60 in gas, 10 for flowers, 4 hours of my time wasted. Two days later I get texts and email asking if we could have a date, of course the answer is no and to please never contact me again and that a review would be posted. It takes a lot for me to give a all bad report. But being mislead and lies to will do it, Every bit of this encounter falls into those two catagories. Attached is the photo she has posted here on the forum. I do not see how it can be her. Unless its an old picture 370498. Utwogood 03-21-15, 17:30 Seen her ad on this forum, contact via pm, she responded with her email address. Sent her my number asked her to text me. Over a couple of day period of some back and forth sat up first appointment, I text that I was off work and had free time, she immediately responded great she was free also. We text back and forth about how to proceed and had a time to meet up, as I would drive to her location 1. 5 hours away. About 10 minutes later she responded if the next day wasn't better that a death in the family has occurred and today was the last day and she was needed there. So of course I agreed but wondered why if today was the last day, I was offered a date in the first place but no biggy. Next day agreed that I would drive up after work, 1. 5 hours, shower there, change, meet and greet, go out for a nice dinner and see where it went from there. Upon arrival her place was easy to find. A woman came out onto the porch dressed in baggy jeans and a sweatshirt hoodie. I asked if she was Jewel, as kittycatkteen is aka as jewel lovely or lovely jewel. She replied yes. I do not believe it is the women in the picture at all. I'm not saying this lady was ugly, just not the women in the picture. The bodies are certainly not the same. Being already 1. 5 hours invested, I proceeded into the apartment where I was immediate met by a man sitting in the living room, a woman sitting near him, and in the kitchen a elderly gentleman sitting at the table. Without uttering a word, Jewel proceeded into the bathroom which opens into the kitchen and turns the water on saying I could shower here. I handed Jewel the flowers I had picked up, told her it was nice meeting her, but this certainly would not work, and proceeded out of the apartment. Jewel followed and from the porch asked if the date was over, in astonishment I turned and walked back and replied yes, you should of told me there was a house full of people. Her reply was no one ever had a problem with it before. I left drove 1. 5 hours back in the great DC traffic. Damage - 60 in gas, 10 for flowers, 4 hours of my time wasted. Two days later I get texts and email asking if we could have a date, of course the answer is no and to please never contact me again and that a review would be posted. It takes a lot for me to give a all bad report. But being mislead and lies to will do it, Every bit of this encounter falls into those two catagories. Attached is the photo she has posted here on the forum. I do not see how it can be her. Unless its an old picture 370498.I'm glad you walked out and all, because that was weird. I don't even like to see other providers hiding in the bathroom when I go mongering. No idea why all those people were there, other than to party with your funds once you were gone. And she gave you a ton of red flags - no way it would have turned out well for you. We men have to listen to our intuitions. But I gotta know, what was it about that picture that possessed you to drive an hour and a half, with flowers to boot, to see her? You should NEVER have to drive that far to get some decent rented poontang in this area. And WTF kind of car do you have that guzzles $60 worth of gas in an 1. 5 hour trip? ChuckEpoo 03-22-15, 13:34 I'm glad you walked out and all, because that was weird. I don't even like to see other providers hiding in the bathroom when I go mongering. No idea why all those people were there, other than to party with your funds once you were gone. And she gave you a ton of red flags - no way it would have turned out well for you. We men have to listen to our intuitions. But I gotta know, what was it about that picture that possessed you to drive an hour and a half, with flowers to boot, to see her? You should NEVER have to drive that far to get some decent rented poontang in this area. And WTF kind of car do you have that guzzles $60 worth of gas in an 1. 5 hour trip?First its a full size ford, driving in and out of DC traffic for 3 hours. WTF kind of car do you have that would not guzzle $60 worth of gas? Second, the conversations we had over a three day period leading up to our meeting had me believing her to be a very nice, considerate young lady trying to make ends meet. If you look at my profile and past posts you'll see that I'm not from this God forsaken area. I've been here a few months off and on. My profile posts will show you that I play a hell of a lot, and my time here has been nothing short of a disaster relative to the hobby. Their was nothing about the picture that made me wish to purchase flowers for her. I had stopped to fill up with fuel and as I was pulling out a man was standing near the road offering these small bunches of flowers for sale, so to help him out, and as an offering to break the ice, I purchased them. I've found over my time of being in the hobby that just small things such as that can and will turn an average encounter into a great one, if it dosent, I"m out a small price overall. As soon as I saw the other people in the small apartment, I was done, especially the young guy. I could tell just by the look he was going to be trouble. Now if you have good infor on UTR's in this area that provide quaility GFE at a working mans price, that would be great, shoot me a pm. Guitarman1 03-23-15, 09:10 Seen her ad on this forum, contact via pm, she responded with her email address. Sent her my number asked her to text me. Over a couple of day period of some back and forth sat up first appointment, I text that I was off work and had free time, she immediately responded great she was free also. We text back and forth about how to proceed and had a time to meet up, as I would drive to her location 1. 5 hours away. About 10 minutes later she responded if the next day wasn't better that a death in the family has occurred and today was the last day and she was needed there. So of course I agreed but wondered why if today was the last day, I was offered a date in the first place but no biggy. Next day agreed that I would drive up after work, 1. 5 hours, shower there, change, meet and greet, go out for a nice dinner and see where it went from there. Upon arrival her place was easy to find. A woman came out onto the porch dressed in baggy jeans and a sweatshirt hoodie. I asked if she was Jewel, as kittycatkteen is aka as jewel lovely or lovely jewel. She replied yes. I do not believe it is the women in the picture at all. I'm not saying this lady was ugly, just not the women in the picture. The bodies are certainly not the same. Being already 1. 5 hours invested, I proceeded into the apartment where I was immediate met by a man sitting in the living room, a woman sitting near him, and in the kitchen a elderly gentleman sitting at the table. Without uttering a word, Jewel proceeded into the bathroom which opens into the kitchen and turns the water on saying I could shower here. I handed Jewel the flowers I had picked up, told her it was nice meeting her, but this certainly would not work, and proceeded out of the apartment. Jewel followed and from the porch asked if the date was over, in astonishment I turned and walked back and replied yes, you should of told me there was a house full of people. Her reply was no one ever had a problem with it before. I left drove 1. 5 hours back in the great DC traffic. Damage - 60 in gas, 10 for flowers, 4 hours of my time wasted. Two days later I get texts and email asking if we could have a date, of course the answer is no and to please never contact me again and that a review would be posted. It takes a lot for me to give a all bad report. But being mislead and lies to will do it, Every bit of this encounter falls into those two catagories. Attached is the photo she has posted here on the forum. I do not see how it can be her. Unless its an old picture 370498.I would have also left. That is just weird that all those people were around. She could have at least warned you. This is a hobby that most of us prefer to keep discreet, not just from people that know us but also from strangers. Ambidextrous 03-29-15, 13:47 Recently opened K-agency, my third visit and I haven't been disappointed yet. Discreet side entry in newly built luxury apartment building, elevator lets you out right next to the apartment door. When I first laid eyes on Izumi I didn't think she was Korean, because her facial features do not look it. In fact she was not really pretty to my eyes but I soon forgot about that because of the excellent experience I had. After chatting a bit I realized she is 100% K-girl. She has a flawless compact, curvaceous body (admitted to implants but who cares) and an affectionate bubbly personality. This is the rare occasion when the ad pics are completely accurate, except for blurring the face photoshop wasn't needed at all. Said she was 26 but could be a bit older. Izumi responded well to DATY and even gamely allowed a little FITO although it was clear it was not her cup of tea. Missionary, then her on top, our bodies seemed to fit together well. BBBJ technique wasn't great so used hands to finish. She declined CIF for makeup reasons so I finished on her excellent chest. Damage 3 x $; F5 B9 A9 S8. nite_runner 03-29-15, 14:27 Recently opened K-agency, my third visit and I haven't been disappointed yet. Discreet side entry in newly built luxury apartment building, elevator lets you out right next to the apartment door. When I first laid eyes on Izumi I didn't think she was Korean, because her facial features do not look it. In fact she was not really pretty to my eyes but I soon forgot about that because of the excellent experience I had. After chatting a bit I realized she is 100% K-girl. She has a flawless compact, curvaceous body (admitted to implants but who cares) and an affectionate bubbly personality. This is the rare occasion when the ad pics are completely accurate, except for blurring the face photoshop wasn't needed at all. Said she was 26 but could be a bit older. Izumi responded well to DATY and even gamely allowed a little FITO although it was clear it was not her cup of tea. Missionary, then her on top, our bodies seemed to fit together well. BBBJ technique wasn't great so used hands to finish. She declined CIF for makeup reasons so I finished on her excellent chest. Damage 3 x $; F5 B9 A9 S8.I can't speak for many of you; however, that price is a bit out of my league for an hour or so fuck session. Am I missing something? N_R. WhiteLake830 03-29-15, 19:39 Recently opened K-agency, my third visit and I haven't been disappointed yet. Discreet side entry in newly built luxury apartment building, elevator lets you out right next to the apartment door. When I first laid eyes on Izumi I didn't think she was Korean, because her facial features do not look it. In fact she was not really pretty to my eyes but I soon forgot about that because of the excellent experience I had. After chatting a bit I realized she is 100% K-girl. She has a flawless compact, curvaceous body (admitted to implants but who cares) and an affectionate bubbly personality. This is the rare occasion when the ad pics are completely accurate, except for blurring the face photoshop wasn't needed at all. Said she was 26 but could be a bit older. Izumi responded well to DATY and even gamely allowed a little FITO although it was clear it was not her cup of tea. Missionary, then her on top, our bodies seemed to fit together well. BBBJ technique wasn't great so used hands to finish. She declined CIF for makeup reasons so I finished on her excellent chest. Damage 3 x $; F5 B9 A9 S8.I agree night. I can't imagine how a $$$ or more girl can be worth it. Just my experience. Unless I've missed something too. Ambidextrous 03-30-15, 08:28 I agree night. I can't imagine how a $$$ or more girl can be worth it. Just my experience. Unless I've missed something too.Different levels of service are available at different prices. I started the hobby with AMPs, then went to lower end BP-type providers, then moved up to K-agencies. Most mongers are looking for the elusive GFE and I am no different. My experience has been that most of the time you get what you pay for. If you can find a provider who is attractive, affectionate, skilled, and gives BBBJCIM for less than $$$ an hour, more power to you. My experience with lower level agencies (I have many times patronized Chinese condos at $. 6/ h) has been hit or miss, and some of the misses really leave a bad taste in your mouth. The last time I tried one the provider seemed so uncomfortable that I wondered if she was there against her will. Of course your financial situation plays a big part in this decision process too. Zhuxi 04-01-15, 14:19 Different levels of service are available at different prices. I started the hobby with AMPs, then went to lower end BP-type providers, then moved up to K-agencies. Most mongers are looking for the elusive GFE and I am no different. My experience has been that most of the time you get what you pay for. If you can find a provider who is attractive, affectionate, skilled, and gives BBBJCIM for less than $$$ an hour, more power to you. My experience with lower level agencies (I have many times patronized Chinese condos at $. 6/ h) has been hit or miss, and some of the misses really leave a bad taste in your mouth. The last time I tried one the provider seemed so uncomfortable that I wondered if she was there against her will. Of course your financial situation plays a big part in this decision process too.Agreed. I will add that almost all of my agency experiences have been above average to excellent, and the providers are almost always solid 7's /8's in the looks department (or better) - which isn't the case for my experiences with AMP's, CC's, or BP girls. Not to mention in general the providing locations are less seedy in my opinion. Conclusion, worth it. -Z. Driller523 04-10-15, 18:46 Agreed. I will add that almost all of my agency experiences have been above average to excellent, and the providers are almost always solid 7's /8's in the looks department (or better) - which isn't the case for my experiences with AMP's, CC's, or BP girls. Not to mention in general the providing locations are less seedy in my opinion. Conclusion, worth it. -Z.Personally have mixed feelings about agencies the biggest advantage is they are less likely to gone tomorrow so they may be more concerned with customer service.Compared to a one and done independent. I have had occasion where agency service was sub par and agency made it right down side of agency good ones screen hard and girls more often expect a tip. RedSkins1975 04-14-15, 16:19 Hey what's up guys, first time poster but long time hobbyist, mostly post on TheOther site. Does anyone know what happened to the steady influx of thai girls we used to have around the falls church area back from like 2006-2012? I know some Chinese places operating in TC, but I like the thai girls better. In any case if anyone can PM me, I will certainly trade info about any asian provider in the k-agencies or some independents like asian mya and some of the friends she has brought around recently. Justforme 04-16-15, 09:17 If they are the ones I used to meet up with, long gone. Pinky and her friend? I heard they got out of town after a bust. I kept up with one but she ended up back in Thailand. Hey what's up guys, first time poster but long time hobbyist, mostly post on TheOther site. Does anyone know what happened to the steady influx of thai girls we used to have around the falls church area back from like 2006-2012? I know some Chinese places operating in TC, but I like the thai girls better. In any case if anyone can PM me, I will certainly trade info about any asian provider in the k-agencies or some independents like asian mya and some of the friends she has brought around recently. LearJet9 04-17-15, 23:51 Guys, a friend of mine just moved from Daytona to F'burg. She's working on getting a site up, and an ad posted here but is UTR for the time being trying to get on her feet. She's absolutely not doing BP. About a dozen members helped her in Daytona a few weeks ago and you can read her rave reviews there, she goes by Morgan. Look for a post by DinerJim for some sweet pics. Until she gathers some funds, she will probably do outcall local to F'burg, hopes to see only caucasion guys and wants to stay low-volume. I can tell you, and so can they. Absolutely a cut-above. Body to kill and absolute GFE. PM me for details and treat her right. She's ready to roll. Ntcuonghm1 04-20-15, 08:09 Based on the recommendation, I decided to set up an appt with Morgan. Called her and she picked up the phone. She was cautious, but also very friendly. She does not have her own place yet as she just moved up north, so she will do outcalls only. We agreed to meet 2 hrs later. She showed up to my room in a pullover and shorts that showed her well-toned long legs. She is a young MILF you would from time to time run into in shopping malls and you would wish you could take her home to have fun. Her body type: athletic, long well-toned legs, nice man-made boobs. She has a few tatoos, too. We got in the room and started to chat. She was very friendly and carried on the conversation well. Then she asked me to lay down so that she could start the massage, and then she moved on to give me a BBBJ. It was one of the best ones I had ever had. Very sensual and enthusiastic. She could go on and on forever if you did not stop her. I had to try to hold it back as I was about to explode in her mouth a few times. I asked her to please stop the BBBJ so that we could have a bang. LOL. I put on a condom and started pounding her. Again, I had to think of something else so that I could not cum too quickly. It seemed to me she did enjoy it, too. Her pussy is tight, and a good thing is that she can squeeze it to make you feel even better. LOL. After a while, I could not hold it back anymore and had to release the load. LOL. Then we kept talking about several issues that we were interested in. Totally she stayed with me more than the time I had booked her for. I had not had such a fantastic time for a long time. I give her my highest recommendation. You guys book her with confidence. Her email: rmorganelise@gmail.com. Guys, a friend of mine just moved from Daytona to F'burg. She's working on getting a site up, and an ad posted here but is UTR for the time being trying to get on her feet. She's absolutely not doing BP. About a dozen members helped her in Daytona a few weeks ago and you can read her rave reviews there, she goes by Morgan. Look for a post by DinerJim for some sweet pics. Until she gathers some funds, she will probably do outcall local to F'burg, hopes to see only caucasion guys and wants to stay low-volume. I can tell you, and so can they. Absolutely a cut-above. Body to kill and absolute GFE. PM me for details and treat her right. She's ready to roll. Member #4911 04-20-15, 14:27 Based on the recommendation, I decided to set up an appt with Morgan. Called her and she picked up the phone. She was cautious, but also very friendly. She does not have her own place yet as she just moved up north, so she will do outcalls only. We agreed to meet 2 hrs later. She showed up to my room in a pullover and shorts that showed her well-toned long legs. She is a young MILF you would from time to time run into in shopping malls and you would wish you could take her home to have fun. Her body type: athletic, long well-toned legs, nice man-made boobs. She has a few tatoos, too. We got in the room and started to chat. She was very friendly and carried on the conversation well. Then she asked me to lay down so that she could start the massage, and then she moved on to give me a BBBJ. It was one of the best ones I had ever had. Very sensual and enthusiastic. She could go on and on forever if you did not stop her. I had to try to hold it back as I was about to explode in her mouth a few times. I asked her to please stop the BBBJ so that we could have a bang. LOL. I put on a condom and started pounding her. Again, I had to think of something else so that I could not cum too quickly. It seemed to me she did enjoy it, too. Her pussy is tight, and a good thing is that she can squeeze it to make you feel even better. LOL. After a while, I could not hold it back anymore and had to release the load. LOL. Then we kept talking about several issues that we were interested in. Totally she stayed with me more than the time I had booked her for. I had not had such a fantastic time for a long time. I give her my highest recommendation. You guys book her with confidence. Her email: rmorganelise@gmail.com.Nice post on F'burg's new MILF, looks and sounds appealing, I don't care to exchange emails, is her digits available. Ntcuonghm1 04-20-15, 18:33 She prefers not to have her number posted publicly. So feel free to email her first. Nice post on F'burg's new MILF, looks and sounds appealing, I don't care to exchange emails, is her digits available. Bunker Buster 04-20-15, 18:35 Guys, a friend of mine just moved from Daytona to F'burg. She's working on getting a site up, and an ad posted here but is UTR for the time being trying to get on her feet. She's absolutely not doing BP. About a dozen members helped her in Daytona a few weeks ago and you can read her rave reviews there, she goes by Morgan. Look for a post by DinerJim for some sweet pics. Until she gathers some funds, she will probably do outcall local to F'burg, hopes to see only caucasion guys and wants to stay low-volume. I can tell you, and so can they. Absolutely a cut-above. Body to kill and absolute GFE. PM me for details and treat her right. She's ready to roll.She's new and UTR here, but used to be an agency girl (Private Viewings). http://www.escorthistory.com/202-748-1834/ You can look her up on USASG as LPG99, or Google reviews for Rachel Dawson on several oThER sites. Her reviews look good across the board. Pilot Aviator 04-20-15, 22:06 In the past two days, Morgan has received significant by name, detailed postings here. By definition -- that is NOT being UTR. She may not have (yet) posted a local CL or BP advert (or local URL), but I am certain those that pay attention have made note of the arrival. FWIW. Always be nice to the ladies (especially very nice ladies like Morgan). PA. LearJet9 04-21-15, 16:35 Greetings. First off a sincere thanks to those members who have contacted Morgan. She is settling into the area and wanted you to know she now has an in call thanks to the generosity / biz savvy of one of our own. Apparently the interest is high to see her but was an issue for most without a decent incall. I for one can relate to that. So, not sure how long she will have it but she is there now. Thanks again to the member who made it happen. You know who you are. Grafenberg 04-25-15, 16:03 She's new and UTR here, but used to be an agency girl (Private Viewings). http://www.escorthistory.com/202-748-1834/ You can look her up on USASG as LPG99, or Google reviews for Rachel Dawson on several oThER sites. Her reviews look good across the board.Looks kinda like it's Elina Morgan on Ave-X who was formerly HotAngelina http://hotangelina.escortfiles.com/about. LearJet9 04-26-15, 08:41 Looks kinda like it's Elina Morgan on Ave-X who was formerly HotAngelina http://hotangelina.escortfiles.com/about.Wow thanks for the link. Hot Angelina is hot. But Morgan is not her. I'd say the body is similar, both have a great rack. Hot Angelina seems a bit thicker as well in the hips and legs. Morgan is truly on the slim side. Face is totally different, both are very appealing though Morgan hasnt had any work there. Importantly, Morgan's rates are 30% off HA's (only for now I will predict) and she can do Dom as well. FWIW. NovaCane 06-28-15, 11:05 Has anyone ever visited or tried to visit this little blonde minx? I google searched all of her images and didn't find anything then I searched her phone and email and still didn't find any reviews. Closest I found was the website below which says she has a 3. 5 of 5 stars by 33 users. https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/kendra-love-512-230-1312-young-hot-sexy-blonde-thats-ready-to-please/556abb62221e5305008b459a She is very pricey so I don't think I can pull the trigger unless I can find some reviews of her out there first or if someone here has ever seen her. JmSuttr 06-28-15, 13:12 Has anyone ever visited or tried to visit this little blonde minx? I google searched all of her images and didn't find anything then I searched her phone and email and still didn't find any reviews. Closest I found was the website below which says she has a 3. 5 of 5 stars by 33 users. https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/kendra-love-512-230-1312-young-hot-sexy-blonde-thats-ready-to-please/556abb62221e5305008b459a She is very pricey so I don't think I can pull the trigger unless I can find some reviews of her out there first or if someone here has ever seen her.First, a search of her number turns up nothing other than the single hit on the gfemonkey site. Since it's not associated with any other ad that means it's either brand new or she's changed her number. IME, good providers rarely need to change their numbers and if she's new then of course she has no track record. Second, and more troubling, are the fake pics. See this link http://bit.ly/1IlH7ix for the search results from one of her pics. Third, combining #1 and #2: no intel + no reviews + fake pics + high price = too many red flags. Three strikes on this one, IMHO. NovaCane 06-28-15, 14:25 First, a search of her number turns up nothing other than the single hit on the gfemonkey site. Since it's not associated with any other ad that means it's either brand new or she's changed her number. IME, good providers rarely need to change their numbers and if she's new then of course she has no track record. Second, and more troubling, are the fake pics. See this link http://bit.ly/1IlH7ix for the search results from one of her pics. Third, combining #1 and #2: no intel + no reviews + fake pics + high price = too many red flags. Three strikes on this one, IMHO.Ahhhh thanks I searched most of the pictures and nothing came up so I either missed that one or did something wrong but usually I'm able to find out whose pictures they really are. The other things were definitely strikes but not finding stolen pictures (when I searched) gave me a little hope. But without some kind of review I couldn't justify risking that much coin. It's a damn shame because the real girl is gorgeous and I'd probably spend that for an hour with that beauty. Thanks for your help bud. SxNine 06-29-15, 11:54 GORGEO║ US ║9553; ASIAN ║ STUNNER ║9553;9553;. The pictures are not accurate although the physical description at 5'4", 106,36 D is approximate and her face is cute. Meena speaks little or no English, so your wishes have to be demonstrated instead of spoken. The menu is $. 2 hh or $. 6 fh. At this point there is no specific reason to run, she is cute and the description is approximately correct. The LE check and undress is normal, but that's where normal ends. The back massage was two elbows applied so forcefully that they could have left bruises. The immediate flip was defensive to end the pain. She assumed the cg position and things were looking up with a nice pair of the headlights. However, it was hands only. No nursing. Then, on goes the cover and a good CBJ follows but then she tries to finish by hand. Pulling away, the positions change to cg, reverse cg, mish and back to finish in cg. Multiple attempts to finger home base were pushed away. The session was energetic and satisfying, but disappointing with the limits she set. Better service elsewhere. XXX-495-2632. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/gorgeo-us-asian-stunner/17039910 Pilot Aviator 06-29-15, 23:22 (long prelude) / Behavior between consenting adults that harms no one is the premise of those localities that legalized professional sex workers (or at least leave them and their clients alone). I came to that conclusion early (I was only a sophomore in college when I made my first visit to Copenhagen and the Red Canal. And our tour guide for the trip was a tiny British lady (very nice tour guide, 40-ish), who wanted to be sure our (all-college men) group stayed out of trouble by showing us where the authorized "safe locations" were, and what the rules were (how to negotiate price and services) and where to avoid. Her stated attitude was "you go to a restaurant for food, sex is simply another appetite. ". As my travels continued over the subsequent 30+ years, I met some very nice women -- some of whom were professional sex workers (their profession did not change my opinion that they were nice ladies / women (and FWIW, the friendliest professionals I found were in Brazil and Australia). / prelude ends. I've been actively engaged in the hobby for some time. I've met some very nice ladies in the DMV-area -- I like my appointments with them. The only truly objectionable experience I've had in this region was with a younger than expected (mid-20's+) provider who spoke little English. Her lack of experience was obvious to me, and her demeanor was such that I became uncomfortable. Because she spoke little English, there was no way I could be sure she actually consented to the line of work at which she was employed. Because of her age, I was not sure she actually chose this line of work for herself. I did not know her circumstances, so I terminated the session early and departed. That location closed a few years ago (a victim of area redevelopment). Just a thought: I am not trying to stir the pot. I truly believe consenting adults should be left alone (and they should not be stigmatized). Perhaps many of you speak the languages of people who speak little English (good for you --regrettably I do not). To ensure consent, I prefer the experience, demenor, looks and language skills of the the over-30's to over 50's -- these are independent business women who made adult decisions related to their choice of work (and yes I recognize not all choices are good choices). Enjoy the hobby (If you do not know me, read my reviews / other posts, you'll see I enjoy the hobby). Be careful, be generous, and always be nice to the ladies. PA. NovaCane 07-13-15, 01:04 Is there any protocol regarding leaving reviews for girls at the K Agencies? I rarely ever see reviews for girls at these Agencies so I'm not sure if people just don't because they aren't around very long or there is some unwritten rule I'm unaware of? I'd be happy to leave a review if one of the well established Sr's want to give me a little background so I don't cause any issues for the Agencies or break some rules here. Until then. Julia is incredible. Incredible. My experience with them is limited but amazing. I'm sure if read soon anyone familiar with the Agencies can find her based on name alone and pictures are accurate. Maybe even better in person. Until I get a response and get to leave a review I will give details to friends and well established / trusted seniors. Yoyo Spa 07-13-15, 15:55 Is there any protocol regarding leaving reviews for girls at the K Agencies? I rarely ever see reviews for girls at these Agencies so I'm not sure if people just don't because they aren't around very long or there is some unwritten rule I'm unaware of? I'd be happy to leave a review if one of the well established Sr's want to give me a little background so I don't cause any issues for the Agencies or break some rules here. Until then. Julia is incredible. Incredible. My experience with them is limited but amazing. I'm sure if read soon anyone familiar with the Agencies can find her based on name alone and pictures are accurate. Maybe even better in person. Until I get a response and get to leave a review I will give details to friends and well established / trusted seniors.I recognize no ban on posting about these girls. (Ambidextrous used to review them periodically.) But I guess I'm as guilty of others in that I haven't really done it much (at all)? There are oThER forums where these girls are very systematically reviewed so there doesn't seem much upside to repeating things here. Julia's on my radar too. If I pass the screening. I'd be interesting in hearing your take on her. NovaCane 07-13-15, 22:19 I recognize no ban on posting about these girls. (Ambidextrous used to review them periodically.) But I guess I'm as guilty of others in that I haven't really done it much (at all)? There are oThER forums where these girls are very systematically reviewed so there doesn't seem much upside to repeating things here. Julia's on my radar too. If I pass the screening. I'd be interesting in hearing your take on her.Just PM me with an questions if ya need. Movie follows a typical K Agency script but I can fill in any questions about looks (although pictures are accurate) or skills (maybe the oThER site takes care of that one). I'd go see her again in a heart beat. I wish I wasn't so busy at work now. I'll try to see her again this weekend. I doubt she's around much longer than that. LoveDemAzn 07-14-15, 14:34 Just PM me with an questions if ya need. Movie follows a typical K Agency script but I can fill in any questions about looks (although pictures are accurate) or skills (maybe the oThER site takes care of that one). I'd go see her again in a heart beat. I wish I wasn't so busy at work now. I'll try to see her again this weekend. I doubt she's around much longer than that.They usually stay for 2-3 weeks. They don't like being review on site that free. It's going to be hard for some to even get into the action cause K agencies are careful of who they accept in. Most of these these girl choose what state they want to go to so if you treat them right, they will return. Ambidextrous 07-27-15, 18:35 Browsing through reviews on anoThER site, I came across favorable ones for this provider. Caucasian, 22, looked super sexy in agency website pics. (Incidentally this agency's providers all seem to be Caucasian.) Passed screening (thanks to my regular K-agencies) and set it up. Toll was steep -- $3. 2/ h but WTF, at that price point the service should be good. Also this agency website seemed to project a high-end image. Arrived early at Tysons Corner hotel location but she wasn't ready. By the time I got to the room it was 10 minutes past the hour, but she said she had a full hour and thankfully as things progressed she did not seem to watch the clock at all. She was attractive and looked 22 but somehow not as hot as on the website. After some initial chatting and kissing, I gave her a massage which led to DATO and extended DATY during which she allowed a little FITO. She moaned but I could not get her to climax so after about 15 minutes I gave up. Some women take a long time, others seem to need more stimulation than I can do with just tongue and fingers. Rachel informed me that she does not do CIM or on body. Disappointing considering the steep toll but I made the best of it. She gave BBBJ, then put on the cover and we did several positions. Finished with more BBBJ, her technique was pretty good but she needed to use her hand to complete, avoiding getting splashed on at the critical moment. Rachel was good natured, open and communicative which made for a pleasant experience if lacking romance. In fact there was a sizable age gap between us and her youthful "upspeak" gave me the disconcerting feeling I was chatting with a friend's adolescent daughter who just happened to be naked. Maybe I watch too much porn where enthusiastic females seem only too happy to get a mouthful (or a faceful), but that is what I always hope to find. At $2/ h I would have been satisfied with this level of service. At $3. 2/ h it was overpriced. F7 B7 A8 S6. NovaCane 08-15-15, 01:59 Anyone familiar with the Thai outfit in Springfield (Asian Mya) her friend Macie is in town and was possibly one of the best experiences I've ever had. 2. 6 for the H but definitely the closest to GFE I've ever experienced. She either absolutely loves this line of work or she is one hell of an actress because I left there thinking this girl was in love with me. Not once did she ever say no or shy away from anything I wanted and never rushed me for a second. This isn't necessarily why I left feeling that way, but it was just one of the most intense/passionate sessions I've ever had. Even went a little over on time and still offered a shower but I told her my time was up and I didn't want to take time away from her busy day. Her info is easy to find on the oThER site, but I can answer some questions to some friends (you know who you are) and some trusted seniors. She is one of the sweetest girls I've met in this hobby so treat her well. I think she's only around for another week or two. But if she is treated well enough she might be back in a few months. On a side note, while booking with her I was talking with another girl I've visited before toying with seeing her instead but she got busy and sent me a website for a friend of hers which she claimed was new from Argentina, 24 yrs old, said she was gorgeous and sent me her website. I found an ad on backpage which had the same pictures from the website my usual had provided me so I will link it below. I have not visited her yet so I cannot vouch but I have visited two other girls (Pamela and Young Lee) which share the same number and recommended her. They used their real pictures so I have no real reason to doubt this one does not although seeing this ad without knowing anything I'd assume it was TGTBT. I did not find any reviews, they said she just got into town today but understood my hesitation without reviews. If I see her in the next week or two I will follow up. If someone else does, please follow suit. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/new-in-townalessandra-from-argentinaextremely-hot-model-ill-be-unforgettable-for-you/18835199 Name is Alessandra in case the ad goes down. Be Safe. Ambidextrous 08-15-15, 07:09 When a provider is disappointing it seems particularly important to post a review. If other mongers are content with what that provider offers they might well still choose to patronize that provider. Recently I posted a review that was positive overall but concluded that the services expected in this area for the premium toll that was charged were not provided. The booker sent me an angry email telling me I was no longer welcome at that agency. Another time the booker of a K-agency asked me not to publish negative reviews because they hurt her business. She seemed not to care at all that I had wasted 3 $. I would think that an agency would want to winnow out providers who are not up to the usual standards. But it seems they are more concerned with raking in the $ than maintaining a high level of services provided. Seems a bit short-sighted to me. Admittedly agency managers are between a rock and a hard place in navigating the differing expectations of mongers and providers, and bless them for undertaking the job at no small risk to themselves. But they can and should talk frankly to providers about what specific services will be offered. Have you encountered this problem? Any bookers want to weigh in? NovaCane 08-15-15, 12:50 When a provider is disappointing it seems particularly important to post a review. If other mongers are content with what that provider offers they might well still choose to patronize that provider. Recently I posted a review that was positive overall but concluded that the services expected in this area for the premium toll that was charged were not provided. The booker sent me an angry email telling me I was no longer welcome at that agency. Another time the booker of a K-agency asked me not to publish negative reviews because they hurt her business. She seemed not to care at all that I had wasted 3 $. I would think that an agency would want to winnow out providers who are not up to the usual standards. But it seems they are more concerned with raking in the $ than maintaining a high level of services provided. Seems a bit short-sighted to me. Admittedly agency managers are between a rock and a hard place in navigating the differing expectations of mongers and providers, and bless them for undertaking the job at no small risk to themselves. But they can and should talk frankly to providers about what specific services will be offered. Have you encountered this problem? Any bookers want to weigh in?I've had limited experience with the agencies so have not had that happen yet. I remember your post (I'm guessing about Rachel) and it really wasn't that bad. If I recall the only negative was just expecting her to do CIM for that price point which isn't expecting a lot considering most do that at a much cheaper price point. Either way I don't think that would deter many people. I think you acknowledged she was young and attractive, maybe not as much as the pictures but pictures should be an honest reflection or they should expect that. I have not used that service before although it was on my radar thanks to you. I'll be less likely to use them now if that is how they operate although I'm sure many operate the same way. I agree with you, they SHOULD use it as an opportunity to talk to their girls and ensure service is up to the standards they wish to provide. If they are fine with providing lower quality then they should expect to lose business until the price point drops. Usually those places prefer to get a set clientelle and run with them as it's risky to accept new customers so I find it silly to toss a proven customer to the side and risk alienating others because one of their own girls did not live up to expectations. Sorry to hear of your experience. I think we PM'd a while back and I may have mentioned an agency or two I use but I'd be happy to discuss again if you are now looking for a new one. Most are at a much better price point also, of course most of mine are Asian and the one you visited was primarily Caucasian so it depends on your preference. Big Jizzle 08-16-15, 20:07 Checking out eros today and saw there are at least two well know adult star in the DMV area. Reading other forums on this site confirms that they might be legit too. Really considering calling them up too, I got a thing for white girls with big booties, and she has one of the best asses in the biz. If her damage is too rich for my blood, of course it won't happen, I'm not Bill Gates after all. Mayhem101 08-31-15, 12:53 http://www.butterflylegend.com/#!jane / ch7. This K-girl agency is reliable and always has attractive k-girls in their 20's. Incall in Faiirfax. Website shows who is available and the pricing. 220 for 45 and 260 for the hour. Not clear what GFE Plus entails but it is an extra 40. Jane is the typical attractive young slim K-Girl. Standard K-girl routine. I have been using K-girl agencies for a while and never disappointed. Some girls great, some girls good. Some teasing and touching in the shower. Great BBBJ. Goes deep and licks around shaft and head. Did missionary and doggy before I blew. Enjoyable experience. Always new girls arriving and often 2-3 girls available. There is screening required before you can make an appointment. All the K-girl agencies located in NoVa, some in Fairfax, some in Annandale, some in Tysons. All require screening. Over time, they tend to come and go. Yes, screening is annoying but do it once and the next time it is very easy to make an appointment. Great Expecta 09-03-15, 21:08 http://www.butterflylegend.com/#!jane / ch7. This K-girl agency is reliable and always has attractive k-girls in their 20's. Incall in Faiirfax. Website shows who is available and the pricing. 220 for 45 and 260 for the hour. Not clear what GFE Plus entails but it is an extra 40. Jane is the typical attractive young slim K-Girl. Standard K-girl routine. I have been using K-girl agencies for a while and never disappointed. Some girls great, some girls good. Some teasing and touching in the shower. Great BBBJ. Goes deep and licks around shaft and head. Did missionary and doggy before I blew. Enjoyable experience. Always new girls arriving and often 2-3 girls available. There is screening required before you can make an appointment. All the K-girl agencies located in NoVa, some in Fairfax, some in Annandale, some in Tysons. All require screening. Over time, they tend to come and go. Yes, screening is annoying but do it once and the next time it is very easy to make an appointment.Isn't that a little steep for a K-girl? I pay 1. 6 for a C-girl operation that swaps the girl our every week to ten days. The catch here is the ages and looks vary and one week you may get an absolute stunner, then the next week get a 30 yr old with average looks. Can you PM me digits? I may give it a try. Be safe out there. Ambidextrous 09-04-15, 16:20 The term "GFE" is used in almost every ad, but rarely have I been able to say that a provider exemplifies the qualities I would want in a GF. Although "Lee" is not a robo-babe (but see the details below), she is the exception to that rule. She is affectionate, kind, flexible, accommodating and skilled. She not only did everything I suggested, but seemed to take genuine pleasure in doing so. Having seen Lee's very positive reviews, 3 weeks ago I decided to see her. I set the appointment up by email and confirmed the night before; she emailed "I'll be waiting for you sweetie. " Then when I was on the way to the appointment, I texted her for the first time. She responded saying that she couldn't do it because she had another appointment, and apologized profusely; "I want to make it up to you. " I was quite miffed at the screwup, especially because the person who emailed had indicated that she was the provider, but I resisted the urge to express anger. We all know how the best laid plans can go awry in this hobby. I just said I would try again another time. A couple of weeks later, swayed by a steady flow of good reviews, I gave it another try. I set up another appointment, this time by text, and emailed to confirm. It turns out the emails are handled by a booker, "Amy," who revealed herself this time. Why she had impersonated the provider the first time I don't know, but it was mistake in judgment that almost cost them a client. (A good one IMHO haha.). When I texted for the appointment, Lee said she was leaving the next day for a couple of weeks, but could see me in the morning. I arrived at the appointed time and texted her. She unexpectedly replied, "I'm coming out now. " I could only speculate that she wanted to check me out first. She got into my car, we introduced ourselves, and she explained that maintenance workers had unexpectedly come to her apartment, but we could go to a nearby hotel. I said we could go to my place if she liked, no one was there and it was fairly close by. She agreed and off we went. On the way we had an open and congenial getting acquainted chat and I felt like wow, instead of the usual assembly line experience this is like a real date. We arrived at my place, I showed her around and we went into the bedroom, effortlessly transitioning to kissing and disrobing. Lee is a K-girl, said she is 26, has nice perky A-be cups, a little extra fat around the waist and a nice butt. In short a completely acceptable GND type. The only flaw in her appearance is that her teeth are not so great. But she told me that the reason she was going away was to have plastic surgery in South America on her breasts, waist and butt! I told her honestly that I thought she didn't need any such enhancement. Lee gave me an enthusiastic warmup BBBJ, but before she got far I stopped her so I could give her a massage. I did so and soon commenced DATO, there was enough give to penetrate a bit with my tongue, which didn't surprise me because her reviews said she does Greek for an upcharge. She seemed to enjoy it and she also allowed FITO. I proceeded to give her more massage and DATY. Since we were at my place I suggested using a toy. She readily agreed and I combined a cylindrical vibrator with my tongue. Again she seemed to enjoy it but after about 10 minutes she didn't seem to reach a climax. Next time I'll break out the Hitachi Magic Wand. I slipped on a cover and we did missionary position still using the vibrator. Eventually the vibrator kind of fell away and we just went at it, our bodies fit together comfortably. I had to stop myself from going over the falls and asked if we could finish with BBBJ. She readily agreed, I had a shattering climax, and afterwards we kissed and snowballed a bit, one of my favorite things to do. She didn't make a move to the bathroom to rinse until I led her in there. That is very rare and to me it was the highlight of the encounter. She offered massage but I declined so we could chat and cuddle. She seemed entirely content and unconscious of the time and I had to eventually suggest we get dressed and go. I gave her the envelope with the $2. 8 fee in it and was only too happy to add an extra $ out of my wallet as a tip. During the drive back to her place we held hands. After I dropped her off, with mutual assurances to meet again after she comes back, I looked at the clock. Two hours had passed since I picked her up. Lee seemed to trust me completely from the outset, showing no hesitation to get into my car, come to my house and give herself to me without limitations. I'the like to think she recognized that I am a decent guy but I couldn't help wondering if she needs to be a little more careful. She said she has only been doing this for a couple of months. Since she's making a big investment in plastic surgery I guess she is committed to it, although she said she plans to become a surgical nurse. I know this story seems fantastical, but I swear every word of it is true. I don't think I will ever forget this experience. As I have said before. Damn do I enjoy this hobby. NovaCane 09-05-15, 10:48 The term "GFE" is used in almost every ad, but rarely have I been able to say that a provider exemplifies the qualities I would want in a GF. Although "Lee" is not a robo-babe (but see the details below), she is the exception to that rule. She is affectionate, kind, flexible, accommodating and skilled. She not only did everything I suggested, but seemed to take genuine pleasure in doing so. Having seen Lee's very positive reviews, 3 weeks ago I decided to see her. I set the appointment up by email and confirmed the night before; she emailed "I'll be waiting for you sweetie. " Then when I was on the way to the appointment, I texted her for the first time. She responded saying that she couldn't do it because she had another appointment, and apologized profusely; "I want to make it up to you. " I was quite miffed at the screwup, especially because the person who emailed had indicated that she was the provider, but I resisted the urge to express anger. We all know how the best laid plans can go awry in this hobby. I just said I would try again another time. A couple of weeks later, swayed by a steady flow of good reviews, I gave it another try. I set up another appointment, this time by text, and emailed to confirm. It turns out the emails are handled by a booker, "Amy," who revealed herself this time. Why she had impersonated the provider the first time I don't know, but it was mistake in judgment that almost cost them a client. (A good one IMHO haha.). When I texted for the appointment, Lee said she was leaving the next day for a couple of weeks, but could see me in the morning. I arrived at the appointed time and texted her. She unexpectedly replied, "I'm coming out now. " I could only speculate that she wanted to check me out first. She got into my car, we introduced ourselves, and she explained that maintenance workers had unexpectedly come to her apartment, but we could go to a nearby hotel. I said we could go to my place if she liked, no one was there and it was fairly close by. She agreed and off we went. On the way we had an open and congenial getting acquainted chat and I felt like wow, instead of the usual assembly line experience this is like a real date. We arrived at my place, I showed her around and we went into the bedroom, effortlessly transitioning to kissing and disrobing. Lee is a K-girl, said she is 26, has nice perky A-be cups, a little extra fat around the waist and a nice butt. In short a completely acceptable GND type. The only flaw in her appearance is that her teeth are not so great. But she told me that the reason she was going away was to have plastic surgery in South America on her breasts, waist and butt! I told her honestly that I thought she didn't need any such enhancement. Lee gave me an enthusiastic warmup BBBJ, but before she got far I stopped her so I could give her a massage. I did so and soon commenced DATO, there was enough give to penetrate a bit with my tongue, which didn't surprise me because her reviews said she does Greek for an upcharge. She seemed to enjoy it and she also allowed FITO. I proceeded to give her more massage and DATY. Since we were at my place I suggested using a toy. She readily agreed and I combined a cylindrical vibrator with my tongue. Again she seemed to enjoy it but after about 10 minutes she didn't seem to reach a climax. Next time I'll break out the Hitachi Magic Wand. I slipped on a cover and we did missionary position still using the vibrator. Eventually the vibrator kind of fell away and we just went at it, our bodies fit together comfortably. I had to stop myself from going over the falls and asked if we could finish with BBBJ. She readily agreed, I had a shattering climax, and afterwards we kissed and snowballed a bit, one of my favorite things to do. She didn't make a move to the bathroom to rinse until I led her in there. That is very rare and to me it was the highlight of the encounter. She offered massage but I declined so we could chat and cuddle. She seemed entirely content and unconscious of the time and I had to eventually suggest we get dressed and go. I gave her the envelope with the $2. 8 fee in it and was only too happy to add an extra $ out of my wallet as a tip. During the drive back to her place we held hands. After I dropped her off, with mutual assurances to meet again after she comes back, I looked at the clock. Two hours had passed since I picked her up. Lee seemed to trust me completely from the outset, showing no hesitation to get into my car, come to my house and give herself to me without limitations. I'the like to think she recognized that I am a decent guy but I couldn't help wondering if she needs to be a little more careful. She said she has only been doing this for a couple of months. Since she's making a big investment in plastic surgery I guess she is committed to it, although she said she plans to become a surgical nurse. I know this story seems fantastical, but I swear every word of it is true. I don't think I will ever forget this experience. As I have said before. Damn do I enjoy this hobby.Her reviews on the other site have been almost unbelievable but figure they have to be true due to so many of them. I've tried to schedule her recently but just missed her both times. Of course I lucked out and found Macie which had reviews just good and maybe better. But I agree with your comment about GFE. I've never had GFE like I had with Macie and from the reviews it sounded like Lee was the same. I'm glad you had a good time. I hope Lee doesn't go overboard on surgery, some of these women already look fantastic and I would prefer natural and as they are versus all doctored up. I'm pretty sure Lee works with a few friends that come and go and usually they tend to be pretty hot as well. Alessandra is one of those. JmSuttr 09-05-15, 17:37 The term "GFE" is used in almost every ad, but rarely have I been able to say that a provider exemplifies the qualities I would want in a GF. Although "Lee" is not a robo-babe (but see the details below), she is the exception to that rule. She is affectionate, kind, flexible, accommodating and skilled. She not only did everything I suggested, but seemed to take genuine pleasure in doing so. Having seen Lee's very positive reviews, 3 weeks ago I decided to see her. I set the appointment up by email and confirmed the night before; she emailed "I'll be waiting for you sweetie. " Then when I was on the way to the appointment, I texted her for the first time. She responded saying that she couldn't do it because she had another appointment, and apologized profusely; "I want to make it up to you. " I was quite miffed at the screwup, especially because the person who emailed had indicated that she was the provider, but I resisted the urge to express anger. We all know how the best laid plans can go awry in this hobby. I just said I would try again another time. A couple of weeks later, swayed by a steady flow of good reviews, I gave it another try. I set up another appointment, this time by text, and emailed to confirm. It turns out the emails are handled by a booker, "Amy," who revealed herself this time. Why she had impersonated the provider the first time I don't know, but it was mistake in judgment that almost cost them a client. (A good one IMHO haha.). When I texted for the appointment, Lee said she was leaving the next day for a couple of weeks, but could see me in the morning. I arrived at the appointed time and texted her. She unexpectedly replied, "I'm coming out now. " I could only speculate that she wanted to check me out first. She got into my car, we introduced ourselves, and she explained that maintenance workers had unexpectedly come to her apartment, but we could go to a nearby hotel. I said we could go to my place if she liked, no one was there and it was fairly close by. She agreed and off we went. On the way we had an open and congenial getting acquainted chat and I felt like wow, instead of the usual assembly line experience this is like a real date. We arrived at my place, I showed her around and we went into the bedroom, effortlessly transitioning to kissing and disrobing. Lee is a K-girl, said she is 26, has nice perky A-be cups, a little extra fat around the waist and a nice butt. In short a completely acceptable GND type. The only flaw in her appearance is that her teeth are not so great. But she told me that the reason she was going away was to have plastic surgery in South America on her breasts, waist and butt! I told her honestly that I thought she didn't need any such enhancement. Lee gave me an enthusiastic warmup BBBJ, but before she got far I stopped her so I could give her a massage. I did so and soon commenced DATO, there was enough give to penetrate a bit with my tongue, which didn't surprise me because her reviews said she does Greek for an upcharge. She seemed to enjoy it and she also allowed FITO. I proceeded to give her more massage and DATY. Since we were at my place I suggested using a toy. She readily agreed and I combined a cylindrical vibrator with my tongue. Again she seemed to enjoy it but after about 10 minutes she didn't seem to reach a climax. Next time I'll break out the Hitachi Magic Wand. I slipped on a cover and we did missionary position still using the vibrator. Eventually the vibrator kind of fell away and we just went at it, our bodies fit together comfortably. I had to stop myself from going over the falls and asked if we could finish with BBBJ. She readily agreed, I had a shattering climax, and afterwards we kissed and snowballed a bit, one of my favorite things to do. She didn't make a move to the bathroom to rinse until I led her in there. That is very rare and to me it was the highlight of the encounter. She offered massage but I declined so we could chat and cuddle. She seemed entirely content and unconscious of the time and I had to eventually suggest we get dressed and go. I gave her the envelope with the $2. 8 fee in it and was only too happy to add an extra $ out of my wallet as a tip. During the drive back to her place we held hands. After I dropped her off, with mutual assurances to meet again after she comes back, I looked at the clock. Two hours had passed since I picked her up. Lee seemed to trust me completely from the outset, showing no hesitation to get into my car, come to my house and give herself to me without limitations. I'the like to think she recognized that I am a decent guy but I couldn't help wondering if she needs to be a little more careful. She said she has only been doing this for a couple of months. Since she's making a big investment in plastic surgery I guess she is committed to it, although she said she plans to become a surgical nurse. I know this story seems fantastical, but I swear every word of it is true. I don't think I will ever forget this experience. As I have said before. Damn do I enjoy this hobby.Just confirming that the extra $ tip you mentioned = $100. If that's the case, while I'm glad you had a great time, at that price (and even at $280) a GFE should pretty much be the expected standard. The high end K-Agencies routinely offer model-quality providers at 220 (for 45 minutes) and 260-300 for a full hr and almost all of those girls score very high marks (8-10 for both looks and performance) on the oThER site. And speaking of that site, doing a search in the 240-300 price range, and using GFE parameters (BBBJ, DATY, DFK, etc.), will get you quite an impressive list of quality women who live in or visit Northern VA. The bigger challenge is finding GFE providers (and they do exist) in the less elevated price ranges. Also, after inconveniencing you once, she very nearly did it to you again. That's because, when the maintenance workers showed up, there was no way she could have known ahead of time whether going to another location was going to work for you and she gave you no advance notice. Again, I'm glad for your sake that you came up with an alternate plan but it certainly could have turned out out differently had your place been further away or had you been on a tighter schedule. That's not a knock on her because maybe it was due to inexperience or just unforeseeable circumstances, but it's fair to point out that not every client would have been able to roll with the changes. And if you had been forced to cancel the appt for a second time, your post would have been ripping her a new one instead of praising her. Please believe that I'm not trying to rain on your parade or downgrade your experience in any way. It's just that after many years of participating in the hobby I've often seen (and it's happened to me, too) mongers get smitten with a particular provider and engage in a kind of "halo effect". And it can happen to providers also, perhaps even more so if they are new to the biz. So I'm posting simply to point out that the afterglow of a great session is something to absolutely enjoy but eventually gravity brings us all down from the clouds. My hope for you is that Lee doesn't become jaded with more experience and that the two of you will continue to share a special chemistry. But don't forget to keep a good balance between the little head and the big one. Bunker Buster 09-05-15, 22:06 and she explained that maintenance workers had unexpectedly come to her apartment, but we could go to a nearby hotel. I said we could go to my place if she liked, no one was there and it was fairly close by. She agreed and off we went. On the way we had an open and congenial getting acquainted chat and I felt like wow, instead of the usual assembly line experience this is like a real date. Lee gave me an enthusiastic warmup BBBJ, but before she got far I stopped her so I could give her a massage. I did so and soon commenced DATO, there was enough give to penetrate a bit with my tongue, which didn't surprise me because her reviews said she does Greek for an upcharge. She seemed to enjoy it and she also allowed FITO. I slipped on a cover and we did missionary position still using the vibrator. Eventually the vibrator kind of fell away and we just went at it, our bodies fit together comfortably. I had to stop myself from going over the falls and asked if we could finish with BBBJ. She readily agreed, I had a shattering climax, and afterwards we kissed and snowballed a bit, one of my favorite things to do. She didn't make a move to the bathroom to rinse until I led her in there. That is very rare and to me it was the highlight of the encounter. She offered massage but I declined so we could chat and cuddle. She seemed entirely content and unconscious of the time and I had to eventually suggest we get dressed and go. I gave her the envelope with the $2. 8 fee in it and was only too happy to add an extra $ out of my wallet as a tip. .I concur that you're slipping under "the halo effect. ". The "maintenance workers" in her apartment were probably 2 customers seeing other girls, so there were no available bedrooms. When she got into your car, was she going to pay for the hotel made necessary by her situation, or was the expectation that you were going to pay for it, on top of her fee? Looking down this page alone, I see that you're routinely spending $300+ on experiences that aren't so great, so you've put yourself into a mindset where you're putting up with K-agency nonsense, but have crossed over thinking that a good GFE is worth $400. Halfway down this page, you're out $1,000 and only had one satisfying experience. If I'm spending four bills, I'm knowing for a fact that Greek is on the menu, and the cover is still in its original wrapper. Why not ditch the Asian agencies for a while and try some independent traveling girls with good reviews? Ambidextrous 09-06-15, 07:28 I concur that you're slipping under "the halo effect. ". The "maintenance workers" in her apartment were probably 2 customers seeing other girls, so there were no available bedrooms. When she got into your car, was she going to pay for the hotel made necessary by her situation, or was the expectation that you were going to pay for it, on top of her fee? Looking down this page alone, I see that you're routinely spending $300+ on experiences that aren't so great, so you've put yourself into a mindset where you're putting up with K-agency nonsense, but have crossed over thinking that a good GFE is worth $400. Halfway down this page, you're out $1,000 and only had one satisfying experience. If I'm spending four bills, I'm knowing for a fact that Greek is on the menu, and the cover is still in its original wrapper. Why not ditch the Asian agencies for a while and try some independent traveling girls with good reviews?JmS and BB, your points are appreciated, but I honestly don't think I am under a halo effect. This kind of service is almost unknown in my experience. Everyone has their own propensities and what Lee and I did may not turn your crank, but to me this was an off the clock, no-holds-barred GFE; I could scarcely ask for more from a real GF. Especially at lower (BP) price points you cannot find that, at least not with young, attractive providers. (Believe me I have tried.) I think my $3. 8 was well spent. BTW, when she got in my car she had a piece of paper with the hotel address and room number written on it. It seemed the room was already rented and I'm sure I wouldn't have had to pay for it. Also BTW, you seem to suggest that bareback is a higher level of service a provider could offer. In my view that is reckless and I don't even want it to be on the menu with a provider. Respectfully submitted. JmSuttr 09-06-15, 10:49 JmS and BB, your points are appreciated, but I honestly don't think I am under a halo effect. This kind of service is almost unknown in my experience. Everyone has their own propensities and what Lee and I did may not turn your crank, but to me this was an off the clock, no-holds-barred GFE; I could scarcely ask for more from a real GF. Especially at lower (BP) price points you cannot find that, at least not with young, attractive providers. (Believe me I have tried.) I think my $3. 8 was well spent. BTW, when she got in my car she had a piece of paper with the hotel address and room number written on it. It seemed the room was already rented and I'm sure I wouldn't have had to pay for it. Also BTW, you seem to suggest that bareback is a higher level of service a provider could offer. In my view that is reckless and I don't even want it to be on the menu with a provider. Respectfully submitted.I hadn't taken the time to look at some of your previous posts until BB's post prompted that idea. Having done so, I think it's fair to say you have very specific tastes when it comes to the hobby. While you've seen some other Asian ethnicities (Thai, Chinese) and the occasional non-Asian, you admittedly have a preference for K-girls, and therein lies the issue. Using a restaurant analogy, it's the equivalent of developing a strong taste for a particular cuisine and then devoting your time and $ in an effort to find the best restaurants of that type. And since K-girls can be quite high maintenance and expensive maybe the best restaurant equivalent would be French haute cuisine. So, IMHO, your quest for the quintessential K-girl GFE is analogous to a gourmand's quest for the perfect fine French meal. While it can be done, it's an expensive proposition and the best experiences are relatively rare (which only whets your appetite for more). It takes all types to make this hobby work and everyone is entitled to their specific preferences. And likewise I congratulate you on achieving a level of affluence which allows you to drop large sums in your pursuits. But I think it's an honest assessment that you have chosen a pretty specific niche and are quite different from most hobbyists. To continue the analogy, I enjoy fine French food as much as the next guy but I'm also happy with great pasta, a juicy steak and even an occasional burger. And one of the most important issues for me is that I want the value I receive to be commensurate with the prices I pay. In other words, don't charge me steak prices and deliver me a burger meal. Your chosen path involves searching for very specific experiences in a market with limited choices. There are simply not as many K-girls in the DMV as there are in places like NYC, SFO and LAX. And there is definitely no "street food" equivalent in this area for what you seek. I guess you could consider K-AMPs but those don't generally offer the GFE+ options you want. What makes it easier for me than for you (IMHO), is that I have a wider array of choices. I've had some of my most sublime GFE sessions with latinas, as well as a full range of ethnicities, nationalities and colors, which increases my chances of finding GFE for less. So, from the perspective of trying to find the perfect French meal, I can certainly understand why you feel you didn't overpay for Lee. But from the perspective of someone who is just as happy with Italian, Spanish, Soul Food, or other, you absolutely did. BTW, Lee just raised her prices from $280 to $300, so the price of your meal has just gone up. http://washingtondc.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/lee-gorgeous-asian-lady-let-me-show-you-why-i-have-great-reviews/18476244 and we'll just have to wait and see what her prices will be after she makes her big plastic surgery investment. Good luck in your quest and hope the finances hold up because you'll need plenty of kimchi to keep going! Mayhem101 09-06-15, 14:17 Isn't that a little steep for a K-girl? I pay 1. 6 for a C-girl operation that swaps the girl our every week to ten days. The catch here is the ages and looks vary and one week you may get an absolute stunner, then the next week get a 30 yr old with average looks. Can you PM me digits? I may give it a try. Be safe out there.The K-Girl agencies that have their websites are different from the Asian agencies that advertise on BP. They post pictures of the available girls and there are generally reviews of the girls on the other website. There are at least 4 or 5 now operating in the area and they all have the same price range: 220 for 45 and 260 for the hour, with 40 more for GFE Plus (whatever that means). Of course, over time, they disappear and new ones pop up. The girls are usually attractive and young and provide a GFE experience with BBBJ and sometimes rimming. I have never used the other type of agencies but I have read feedback that the ladies are less attractive and not GFE, more business like. Another big difference is that the K-Girl agencies with the websites all require screening before you can get an appointment. You need to go on their website and submit references. Mayhem101 09-06-15, 14:30 I hadn't taken the time to look at some of your previous posts until BB's post prompted that idea. Having done so, I think it's fair to say you have very specific tastes when it comes to the hobby. While you've seen some other Asian ethnicities (Thai, Chinese) and the occasional non-Asian, you admittedly have a preference for K-girls, and therein lies the issue. Using a restaurant analogy, it's the equivalent of developing a strong taste for a particular cuisine and then devoting your time and $ in an effort to find the best restaurants of that type. And since K-girls can be quite high maintenance and expensive maybe the best restaurant equivalent would be French haute cuisine. So, IMHO, your quest for the quintessential K-girl GFE is analogous to a gourmand's quest for the perfect fine French meal. While it can be done, it's an expensive proposition and the best experiences are relatively rare (which only whets your appetite for more). It takes all types to make this hobby work and everyone is entitled to their specific preferences. And likewise I congratulate you on achieving a level of affluence which allows you to drop large sums in your pursuits. But I think it's an honest assessment that you have chosen a pretty specific niche and are quite different from most hobbyists. To continue the analogy, I enjoy fine French food as much as the next guy but I'm also happy with great pasta, a juicy steak and even an occasional burger. And one of the most important issues for me is that I want the value I receive to be commensurate with the prices I pay. In other words, don't charge me steak prices and deliver me a burger meal. Your chosen path involves searching for very specific experiences in a market with limited choices. There are simply not as many K-girls in the DMV as there are in places like NYC, SFO and LAX. And there is definitely no "street food" equivalent in this area for what you seek. I guess you could consider K-AMPs but those don't generally offer the GFE+ options you want. What makes it easier for me than for you (IMHO), is that I have a wider array of choices. I've had some of my most sublime GFE sessions with latinas, as well as a full range of ethnicities, nationalities and colors, which increases my chances of finding GFE for less. So, from the perspective of trying to find the perfect French meal, I can certainly understand why you feel you didn't overpay for Lee. But from the perspective of someone who is just as happy with Italian, Spanish, Soul Food, or other, you absolutely did. BTW, Lee just raised her prices from $280 to $300, so the price of your meal has just gone up. http://washingtondc.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/lee-gorgeous-asian-lady-let-me-show-you-why-i-have-great-reviews/18476244 and we'll just have to wait and see what her prices will be after she makes her big plastic surgery investment. Good luck in your quest and hope the finances hold up because you'll need plenty of kimchi to keep going!I find it quite easy to find GFE with young attractive women at the 300-350 price range. There are plenty of women with great reviews at that price point on the other website. Trying to find GFE at 200 or even 250 with a young attractive woman, now that is much more difficult and it has been a struggle for me in this area. The best I can find so far are the K-girl agencies that I have mentioned in the past at the 220 for 45 minutes option. From time to time, I do find a gem on BP at a lower price but as soon as they get noticed on the other website, the price quickly moves up to the 300 or higher price range. That has happened to me a number of times. A few years ago, I meet this wonderful girl who was great in bed with BBBJ and greek advertising on BP at 150 for the hour. After a few reviews, she moved the price up to 200, then 250 and then 300 and now she charges 400 and she has no shortage of clients. Now I am always on the hunt for reasonably priced girls but with BP, it is very hit and miss and I have had my share of disappointments and money down the drain. Thus from time to time I go to the well reviewed escort at the 300 price point to get a great experience with an attractive fun lady. Bossanova86 09-06-15, 20:29 http://nova.backpage.com/BodyRubs/asian-massage/19040045 So I know someone else reviewed her recently, but here's my review of her. The pictures are of her, I'm glad she took some better photos of herself because the ones from before looked a bit like the "crazy bite my dick off" kind of look. Her new pictures actually make her out to be a lot younger than she really is with the many layers of makeup she has on. In reality she's a lot older, I'd go as far as to say late 40's if not 50's and this is with the youthfulness look of asians (so keep that in mind). I went and visited her at the hotel, basically right next to two restaurants and a very well known wholesale warehouse in Chantilly. Basic two call system, her english was good on the phone, but as soon as I got in there her english was just bad like very bad, I might as well have communicated with cave man like hand gestures and grunts. Anyways, she gave a very laxadasical and rubbish back massage / rub with minor teasing. On the flip it was a CBJ with some enthusiasm and after about 5 minutes then came the "I'm tired, transition to missionary and fuck me so I can leave move". She gives very comical asian porn video vocals which was kind of annoying, but atleast she was trying. She doesn't smell bad and the room was cleanly, she appears to be very nice and seems to also be looking for good clientele as after I had left she immediately texted me to come back next time etc. To be brutally honest, I won't go back, 5 out of 10 for me, a very run of the mill standard asian BP gal. Things to note, I don't think she's independant, because when I arrived and when I was leaving she was shadowing her phone and texting with someone. If you guys do not want to take a gamble with the various fake asian picture ads that rotate and you like what you see from those pictures in the ad, by all means she's going to do her best to take care of you, she's just nothing remarkable or anything special about her. Member #5008 09-07-15, 07:18 I will be in Manassas tomorrow night. Any information on an UTR provider in the area would be greatly appreciated! Ambidextrous 09-07-15, 10:20 I hadn't taken the time to look at some of your previous posts until BB's post prompted that idea. Having done so, I think it's fair to say you have very specific tastes when it comes to the hobby. While you've seen some other Asian ethnicities (Thai, Chinese) and the occasional non-Asian, you admittedly have a preference for K-girls, and therein lies the issue. Using a restaurant analogy, it's the equivalent of developing a strong taste for a particular cuisine and then devoting your time and $ in an effort to find the best restaurants of that type. And since K-girls can be quite high maintenance and expensive maybe the best restaurant equivalent would be French haute cuisine. So, IMHO, your quest for the quintessential K-girl GFE is analogous to a gourmand's quest for the perfect fine French meal. While it can be done, it's an expensive proposition and the best experiences are relatively rare (which only whets your appetite for more). It takes all types to make this hobby work and everyone is entitled to their specific preferences. And likewise I congratulate you on achieving a level of affluence which allows you to drop large sums in your pursuits. But I think it's an honest assessment that you have chosen a pretty specific niche and are quite different from most hobbyists. To continue the analogy, I enjoy fine French food as much as the next guy but I'm also happy with great pasta, a juicy steak and even an occasional burger. And one of the most important issues for me is that I want the value I receive to be commensurate with the prices I pay. In other words, don't charge me steak prices and deliver me a burger meal. Your chosen path involves searching for very specific experiences in a market with limited choices. There are simply not as many K-girls in the DMV as there are in places like NYC, SFO and LAX. And there is definitely no "street food" equivalent in this area for what you seek. I guess you could consider K-AMPs but those don't generally offer the GFE+ options you want. What makes it easier for me than for you (IMHO), is that I have a wider array of choices. I've had some of my most sublime GFE sessions with latinas, as well as a full range of ethnicities, nationalities and colors, which increases my chances of finding GFE for less. So, from the perspective of trying to find the perfect French meal, I can certainly understand why you feel you didn't overpay for Lee. But from the perspective of someone who is just as happy with Italian, Spanish, Soul Food, or other, you absolutely did. BTW, Lee just raised her prices from $280 to $300, so the price of your meal has just gone up. http://washingtondc.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/lee-gorgeous-asian-lady-let-me-show-you-why-i-have-great-reviews/18476244 and we'll just have to wait and see what her prices will be after she makes her big plastic surgery investment. Good luck in your quest and hope the finances hold up because you'll need plenty of kimchi to keep going!Your comments are perceptive and it's true that I'm a K-girl aficionado. However I'm skeptical about the theory that K-girls command a premium. Can you get a true GFE from a young attractive provider of any race or nationality for less than $3? Based on personal experience and reading the reviews and forums, it's rare. For example I recently paid $3. 2 to see a young attractive Caucasian provider, Rachel W. ( http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?3960-Escort-Reports&p=2559548). I was surprised to learn that her menu could not by any stretch be called GFE. I also note an increasing number of providers advertising at the $4 - $6 price level. Not surprisingly they have excellent reviews and I am finding myself tempted to splurge on one. But for now at least I am not at the upper end of the spectrum. Respectfully submitted. NovaCane 09-07-15, 17:34 Your comments are perceptive and it's true that I'm a K-girl aficionado. However I'm skeptical about the theory that K-girls command a premium. Can you get a true GFE from a young attractive provider of any race or nationality for less than $3? Based on personal experience and reading the reviews and forums, it's rare. For example I recently paid $3. 2 to see a young attractive Caucasian provider, Rachel W. ( http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?3960-Escort-Reports&p=2559548). I was surprised to learn that her menu could not by any stretch be called GFE. I also note an increasing number of providers advertising at the $4 - $6 price level. Not surprisingly they have excellent reviews and I am finding myself tempted to splurge on one. But for now at least I am not at the upper end of the spectrum. Respectfully submitted.I do agree most of the consistent and basically guaranteed arrangements giving you a beautiful & YOUNG woman and great GFE is closer to $3 or $2. 2 for the 45 min regular option. Frankly I enjoy the regular about as much as the plus anyway. I did review a Thai provider recently that was $2. 0 for 30 and experience was the best I have ever had. But for an extra $. 6 you get 60 min with her instead of 30 so I pay the extra. The Chinese outfits 1. 3/1. 6 are just too inconsistent but if you are patient and frequent enough you do occasionally find gems. I have found a few that wanted to hang out after they got off or would make me their last appointment and then let me stay after and even play some more. But those are super super rare. I see the others points in that spending too much supports these ridiculous prices and pushes many of us out of those ranges. But it is your money and if you feel it's worth it then so be it. And frankly I agree on the 45 reg option for the Kgirl. I don't think I've ever left one of those disappointed but I've sure wasted some drives out to see the 1. 3 Chinese condos to turn around and walk out or stick around for a terrible performance by an average looking girl. Frankly I'm not sure anyone is wrong here. But I probably wouldn't have given the extra Benjamin! But I'm sure she appreciated it. Merlin1 09-07-15, 18:26 Good evening everyone. I will be in NVA next week for business and staying in the Leesburg area, any good provider info would be greatly appreciated. Thanks. Merlin. JmSuttr 09-08-15, 12:05 Your comments are perceptive and it's true that I'm a K-girl aficionado. However I'm skeptical about the theory that K-girls command a premium. Can you get a true GFE from a young attractive provider of any race or nationality for less than $3? Based on personal experience and reading the reviews and forums, it's rare. For example I recently paid $3. 2 to see a young attractive Caucasian provider, Rachel W. ( http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?3960-Escort-Reports&p=2559548). I was surprised to learn that her menu could not by any stretch be called GFE. I also note an increasing number of providers advertising at the $4 - $6 price level. Not surprisingly they have excellent reviews and I am finding myself tempted to splurge on one. But for now at least I am not at the upper end of the spectrum. Respectfully submitted.What I would call the hobby Trifecta is 1) young; 2) hot looks; 3) GFE. While there are certainly individual variations I think it's fair to say that providers possessing those three qualities will always command a premium, no matter what their nationality or ethnicity. But what that premium is, and what prices are in general, will depend greatly on the relative supply and demand and also on the mix of new entrants into the provider pool. My main point about K-girls in the DMV, and perhaps I didn't make it as effectively as I could have, is primarily about the lack of supply. All high-end providers (Black, Asian, Caucasian, Latina, etc) will command a premium if they meet (or promise to meet) Trifecta standards. But groups with more relative supply and / or with more new providers entering the local hobby scene, will offer a greater variation of prices and service levels and better opportunities to find GFE for less. AFAICT, independent K-girls are quite rare in the DMV and the K-agencies import their talent from outside the area. I don't see an influx of new, lower priced, K-escorts in the way that regularly occurs with Latina, Caucasian and Black providers. I've had some great GFE finds among newer Latinas, for example, and regulars often continue to get the original rate even after prices increase for new clients. On the demand side of the equation, we hobbyists need to step up and take responsibility for our propensity to think with the little head and spend the kind of $ that induces providers from all over the f*cking United States (and Canada, and Central / South America) to come to the DMV to lighten our wallets in a major way! If the girls from CA, NY and elsewhere could make the same money close to home and thereby avoid incurring travel expenses, they definitely would. And it's absolutely true that they need the money more than we need the p*ssy, but we persist in acting as though they hold all the cards. I don't know what percentage of the hobbyists in the DMV participate in this forum but I bet we make up a pretty decent portion of regularly active mongers. So, IMHO, the best prescription is to do lots of homework, always RTFF, push back on prices (politely) when you can and think with the big head so you don't overpay. Zodiac69 09-08-15, 18:57 What I would call the hobby Trifecta is 1) young; 2) hot looks; 3) GFE. While there are certainly individual variations I think it's fair to say that providers possessing those three qualities will always command a premium, no matter what their nationality or ethnicity. But what that premium is, and what prices are in general, will depend greatly on the relative supply and demand and also on the mix of new entrants into the provider pool. My main point about K-girls in the DMV, and perhaps I didn't make it as effectively as I could have, is primarily about the lack of supply. All high-end providers (Black, Asian, Caucasian, Latina, etc) will command a premium if they meet (or promise to meet) Trifecta standards. But groups with more relative supply and / or with more new providers entering the local hobby scene, will offer a greater variation of prices and service levels and better opportunities to find GFE for less. AFAICT, independent K-girls are quite rare in the DMV and the K-agencies import their talent from outside the area. I don't see an influx of new, lower priced, K-escorts in the way that regularly occurs with Latina, Caucasian and Black providers. I've had some great GFE finds among newer Latinas, for example, and regulars often continue to get the original rate even after prices increase for new clients. On the demand side of the equation, we hobbyists need to step up and take responsibility for our propensity to think with the little head and spend the kind of $ that induces providers from all over the f*cking United States (and Canada, and Central / South America) to come to the DMV to lighten our wallets in a major way! If the girls from CA, NY and elsewhere could make the same money close to home and thereby avoid incurring travel expenses, they definitely would. And it's absolutely true that they need the money more than we need the p*ssy, but we persist in acting as though they hold all the cards. I don't know what percentage of the hobbyists in the DMV participate in this forum but I bet we make up a pretty decent portion of regularly active mongers. So, IMHO, the best prescription is to do lots of homework, always RTFF, push back on prices (politely) when you can and think with the big head so you don't overpay.A lot of these hoes say "no negotiations" "gentlemen don't haggle they tip" so I just avoid them and those who don't list their fee are told it's. Too high over the phone when I hang up. For those who refuse to discuss fees or services except in person I also hang up and say why. The rates. Here are definitely getting crazy. In Atlanta earlier this year I met a provider who was a 27 yr old HS cheerleading coach (I googled her number and. Found her real name etc.) who was GFE DFK DATY and CIM for $200.00 and she asked if that was "ok" LOL. I told her she should travel up here. And get 150.00 an hr more but she said she was getting married soon and would retire LOL. =========================================== EDITOR's NOTE: This report was published with unnecessary HARD RETURNS at the end of every line of text, resulting in the text being incorrectly broken up into separate, incomplete sentences. There is NO NEED for any report to be written with HARD RETURNS at the end of every line of text. Solution #1: If you are adding these hard returns at the end of every line by using the ENTER key, then please stop doing that. Instead, simply allow the text to "wrap" automatically at the end of each line when typing. The ENTER key is only needed to separate individual paragraphs. Solution #2: However, if the unnecessary hard returns were the result of you having pasted the text into the forum from another source (such as a news story), then your option is to either edit out the unnecessary hard returns or don't paste the text. Please do not post reports with unnecessary hard returns in the Forum. Thanks! I'm going to keep you on moderation until you learn to let your text wrap naturally. A2 VaryDer07 09-16-15, 23:10 Hello fellow mongers, was wondering if? Anyone had any favorite UTR in the area they would like to share? Have one but she is located all the way in MD and bit of a hike, so was looking for one in the NOVA area. Pilot Aviator 09-17-15, 18:01 I'd be happy to share my favorite UTR with you, but regretably, when she is not busy with me, she is busy caring for her flying unicorn. Sorry. But when YOU find one, always be nice to the lady! PA. Hello fellow mongers, was wondering if? Anyone had any favorite UTR in the area they would like to share? Have one but she is located all the way in MD and bit of a hike, so was looking for one in the NOVA area. VaryDer07 09-17-15, 19:28 I'd be happy to share my favorite UTR with you, but regretably, when she is not busy with me, she is busy caring for her flying unicorn. Sorry. But when YOU find one, always be nice to the lady! PA.Most definitely treating my MD UTR with absolute kindness. Ambidextrous 09-20-15, 17:22 Anna is a 27-year-old Thai with a bubbly, playful personality. Her body is firm, even around her slender waist, and is adorned with several tattoos. She is not a no-holds-barred provider but she was comfortable with me and let herself go during the session, which made it spontaneous and even thrilling. The providers I have seen at this agency have been good and those I have not garnered excellent reviews. Anna arrived a couple of days ago and the booker texted me her ad website address. Although she has no reviews I felt Anna was a good bet. Admittedly a gamble but I have been disappointed even by some providers who have glowing reviews, so there is no sure thing in this hobby. Also this agency seems to have a rare degree of correspondence between ad claims and reality, both in photos and service. They deserve all the success they seem to be having. (For whatever protection it's worth I will not disclose the website address here. Trusted contributors can PM.). After introductory chitchat and disrobing, as I often do I asked Anna what she would like to do. She replied "Everything!" and reciprocated the question. I have met Thai providers who do Greek so I simply said, I like ass. She made a slight face and said she doesn't do that. So much for "everything," but I was okay with the limitation and it was not an awkward moment. Proceeded to worship that wonderful hardbody with massagi, DATO and DATY. She has the most perfect breasts you can imagine with firm eraser tips. She allowed one knuckle deep penetration in the back door but she said it hurt so I abandoned that. She got off so quickly from DATY that I thought she was faking it but as I went on it became apparent she was not. She writhed more than most during DATY and her climax was punctuated by sudden involuntary twitches. She applied a cover with her mouth and we did missionary and doggie, she seemed to enjoy it. Finished with BBBJCIM with PM. She declined CIF but said if I was the last customer of the day that would be ok. We had a fairly long and wide-ranging after-chat, her cheerful and outgoing personality made it a pleasure. The clock on the bedside table was 5-10 minutes fast and I was out in about 55 minutes. I felt the chemistry between us was good which created a relaxed, spontaneous session. As I touched her I realized I have never had, and probably never will have, a civilian at my disposal who is so all around hot. Sometimes all the research and hard-earned experience pay off. Total damage $2. 6. F9 B9 A9 S8. CflMonger48 09-29-15, 22:55 Gentlemen, I am a Senior Member from FL that comes to the Northern VA area for business. I have met a UTR here locally that is looking to do a limited expansion of her client base. She is really into massages and will expand the menu if she feels safe with you. So this is truly a YMMV situaton. She can only do outcalls right now so you will need to have a place. She is a beautiful woman, 5'6", 120 lbs, and a fantastic body. If you are a Senior Member or a regular member with a high number of quality posts and are interested in spending time with this beautiful woman then pm me and I will give you her contact information. Be safe out there. CflMonger48. NovaCane 10-09-15, 19:56 I saw her ad a month or two ago and wanted to see her immediately but was talked into Macie instead since Nadia was gone. Macie was one of the best experiences I've ever had so I've been dying to see Nadia so I was happy when I saw she was back in town. If you've ever visited this Thai outfit you know the normal routine. And this was pretty consistent with every visit I had with Macie. Beautiful petite Thai girl with MM see's. Mutual shower with a BBBJ preview. Back to the room where it continued, DATY, several positions, CIM and another pop in the cover later on. Another great GFE experience here. These girls are amazing at what they do. They make you really feel special when you are there. Will give further details to respected seniors and friends. http://naughtyangelnadia.gfefiles.com/home Mayhem101 10-18-15, 22:41 http://www.mariannathemuse.com/ Highly rated escort with over 330 reviews on the other website. Attractive petite blond in her late 20's originally from Ukraine. Visits the area on a regular basis. High energy intense PSE. She loves sucking cock and will suck your cock from many different positions until you beg her to stop. She is very aggressive and likes to take control. Facef*cking her until you come in her mouth is one of her favorite activities. Her pictures, videos, rates and screening info are all on her website. $$$ for the hour and you will get non-stop action for the full hour. Wiiiiam 10-19-15, 18:58 She is in Woodbridge. Answered an my ad on CL. Sweet 20 5'4 sweet personality, Spanish and black. Had a good time and tastes good. Be nice. Figrindan 10-20-15, 01:06 ... Visits the area on a regular basis. ...Did you post this in the wrong forum? DC / NoVA is not one of the cities on her website. Mayhem101 10-20-15, 08:04 Did you post this in the wrong forum? DC / NoVA is not one of the cities on her website.She was just touring here in DC and NoVa for about 8 days last week. She will be back again. TDurden38 10-20-15, 14:11 I saw her ad a month or two ago and wanted to see her immediately but was talked into Macie instead since Nadia was gone. Macie was one of the best experiences I've ever had so I've been dying to see Nadia so I was happy when I saw she was back in town. If you've ever visited this Thai outfit you know the normal routine. And this was pretty consistent with every visit I had with Macie. Beautiful petite Thai girl with MM see's. Mutual shower with a BBBJ preview. Back to the room where it continued, DATY, several positions, CIM and another pop in the cover later on. Another great GFE experience here. These girls are amazing at what they do. They make you really feel special when you are there. Will give further details to respected seniors and friends. http://naughtyangelnadia.gfefiles.com/homeHey guys, long time lurker here figured what better way to break the ice. Was familiar with this crew so reached out to the assistant based on the ad, liked what I saw above. Booking was very easy and location same typical upscale incall. Can confirm everything above, very consistent experience, minor photo shop touchups but WYSIWYG in the add. A little bit of a different spin on the traditional k-girl experience but GFE+ none the less. Definitely visit Nadia before she's out of town (about 10 days). Mr. Durden. Xxddeerrff 10-21-15, 02:24 Had the pleasure of seeing Texas Shannon out of a hotel in Woodbridge. Sweet girl, great body. I love it when they say, "let me suck your dick a little more. " Would definetly repeat. Not sure if no ad on BP means they're still in the area, but when she's around, give her a call. I know I am! Mike77 10-21-15, 10:58 Had the pleasure of seeing Texas Shannon out of a hotel in Woodbridge. Sweet girl, great body. I love it when they say, "let me suck your dick a little more. " Would definetly repeat. Not sure if no ad on BP means they're still in the area, but when she's around, give her a call. I know I am!Is this the short blonde with tattoos? I used to see her regularly as she was reliable, but she bailed last minute last time and was quite loopy on the phone. LiahSoSweet 10-26-15, 17:16 [Commercial Message deleted by Admin] EDITOR'S NOTE: This report was redacted or deleted because it appeared to be a commercial message and/or it contained links to a commercial website. All commercial advertising must be posted at our new site, The USA Adult Classifieds http://usaadultclassifieds.info Please read the Forum's Posting Guidelines and the Forum's FAQ for further information. ShortMan22 11-21-15, 15:25 Asian or Latina Utr to trade or share? Does anyone know or have an Asian or Latina utr that they would like to share or trade with me. Please PM me. NovaCane 11-23-15, 21:53 Anyone familiar with the Thai outfit in Springfield (Asian Mya) her friend Macie is in town and was possibly one of the best experiences I've ever had. 2. 6 for the H but definitely the closest to GFE I've ever experienced. She either absolutely loves this line of work or she is one hell of an actress because I left there thinking this girl was in love with me. Not once did she ever say no or shy away from anything I wanted and never rushed me for a second. This isn't necessarily why I left feeling that way, but it was just one of the most intense/passionate sessions I've ever had. Even went a little over on time and still offered a shower but I told her my time was up and I didn't want to take time away from her busy day. Her info is easy to find on the oThER site, but I can answer some questions to some friends (you know who you are) and some trusted seniors. She is one of the sweetest girls I've met in this hobby so treat her well. I think she's only around for another week or two. But if she is treated well enough she might be back in a few months. I've kept in touch with her ever since she left here in August. She texted me today and said she'd be back in town tomorrow afternoon for a week, but apparently working with a new group. I plan on getting the contact info of her scheduler of wherever she is working. I have no idea where the place is, what the rates are, or anything but figured I'd follow up since I reviewed her a while back and a few people asked me about her. If you are interested let me know and I'll pass along the info I can get from her. LukeCageFree 11-28-15, 15:11 I've had a bad case of yellow fever as of late. I'm hesitant to do the crapshoot, and I haven't scaled the k-girl agency wall yet. I was browsing eros for some asian girl options, and saw a few there that are a little too $$$ for my budget. I came across the. And after doing a few google searches, I decided to pay her a visit. Pretty easy screen. And I took the hr for 3. Since she offered MSOG. Visited her in Ffx near the mall. Room was really dark when I came in. She greeted me with a kiss on the lips right away. You can tell she wanted the DFK, but I didn't go for it, because I thought I saw something funky w / her mouth. We both stripped down, and she gave me a top shelf BBBJ. It was really hard to not just release at that point. She would've kept going w / the BBBJ for an hour straight, if I didn't ask her to slap on the jimmy hat to get to biz. Handled the biz missionary, and then I laid out while she gave me a pretty good massage. She had some decent massage skills, not AMP quality, but better than most GFEs. When the lights came on, I verified my suspicion about her busted mouth / teeth. It wasn't bad enough that I didn't let her begin round 2 of the BBBJ. LOL. After that, had doggy and we called it quits. Offered me a bottle of water and another kiss on the way out. Service was good, appearance could be better. I may visit again for a quick BBBJ, but for the most part, I am continuing my hunt for a regular asian GFE that hits all the marks. Personality: 4/5 (Nice girl. No rush, no attitude.). Face: 2/5 (busted mouth / teeth). Body: 4/5 (not too much fat, and tigole fake bitties). Massage: 2. 5/5 (Good for a GFE, but now AMP quality). Unmentionables: 4/5 (mainly because of how great the BBBJ was). http://www.eros.com/washington_dc/files/624213.htm Elber Gonzalez 12-19-15, 14:09 I was looking for a bbw and I'm glad I went to see Star, she is 5'7 tall, 19 years old cutie and love to please. I didn't have big expectations since another provider was in the room when I got there and she wanted that friend to stay in the restroom, I was okay with that because Star looks way better in person (for bbw and DDD's lovers) and really wanted try her out, overall a SUPERB service, she is very RESPONSIVE, but as always say YMMV. The bad news is she is going back home on Sunday, yeah, another one just visiting the area =[. I was not able to get visual material during my two visits this week, I'll do my best next time, meanwhile I'm posting these from her ad. Mayhem101 01-05-16, 23:36 http://www.butterflylegend.com/#!be-be / cgnd. Bebe works at Butterfly Legend, a Korean agency. Screening is required but once you are screened, the agency always seems to have new attractive slim Korean ladies in their 20's every two weeks or so. BeBe is a sexy young lady in her 20's, 5'3", 120 pounds, a sexy energetic young lady that tries hard to please you. The routine starts with a mutual shower where you get a preview BJ. Bebe is very good in oral skills and she had me sit on the bed to continue the BBBJ and then more BJ lying on my back. We did the various positions and she was enthusiastic throughout. She finished me off with a combo BJ / HJ and I was very satisfied. There are a number of Korean agencies operating in NoVa and BL is one of the better ones. 220/45 minutes; 260/ hr. She also has a number of rave reviews at the other website. Ernie8 01-07-16, 01:23 I've kept in touch with her ever since she left here in August. She texted me today and said she'd be back in town tomorrow afternoon for a week, but apparently working with a new group. I plan on getting the contact info of her scheduler of wherever she is working. I have no idea where the place is, what the rates are, or anything but figured I'd follow up since I reviewed her a while back and a few people asked me about her. If you are interested let me know and I'll pass along the info I can get from her.Yes, I had an hour with Macie and felt the same way. On my way out. I held out my iPhone and asked for a photo or 2 - she took my phone and typed in her number and hit send. So she had my number and sent me a real nice photo of her, I treasure it. Good luck guys she is mesmerizing. E-8. Nyhornet 01-07-16, 23:19 Thinking about trying this young lady. Anyone have experience with her? Http://yenalovely.wix.com/Yena L Knit 01-08-16, 10:30 Thinking about trying this young lady. Anyone have experience with her? Http://yenalovely.wix.com/YenaSeriously, your not new to this game. Research her! Very nice Provider. I'd=290246, Guess where. Nyhornet 01-08-16, 17:55 Seriously, your not new to this game. Research her! Very nice Provider. I'd=290246, Guess where.I did research her on the other site, which is why I am interested. But didn't find any info on her on this site when I searched here. I actually, copy and pasted her link from the other site! Heelman69 02-04-16, 11:33 I have been looking at the various Asian agencies and they all seem to give a price for GFE at say 220 then GFE+ for 260. Can someone enlighten me as to what the difference is (other than $40.) PM is fine. Thanks. Heelman. CharlieG12 03-05-16, 22:06 Hello. I'm living in Charlottesville and I usually indulge my hobby in Richmond. I'm driving north tomorrow and so I'll pass through NoVa. I'd like to spend time with a good provider and I'm wondering if someone would PM me with a tip. I know no one in the area. I'd like a high-end GFE experience. I can reciprocate if you are ever in Richmond. Regards. Charlie. Elber Gonzalez 03-10-16, 08:21 After a forced break from the scene I found time to get screenshots from my last wonderful session with Val, if you like tall and don't mind the extra pounds you won't regret seeing her now she is in Arlington with apparently new look. Pcpc1688 03-10-16, 14:29 I have been looking at the various Asian agencies and they all seem to give a price for GFE at say 220 then GFE+ for 260. Can someone enlighten me as to what the difference is (other than $40.) PM is fine. Thanks. Heelman.Usually nothing. Its just an extra 40 for the house and the girl may not get an extra dolla. PC out. Hicontrastlvr 04-19-16, 17:42 Usually nothing. Its just an extra 40 for the house and the girl may not get an extra dolla. PC out.Are! M j included. Devante Swang 04-19-16, 23:54 After a forced break from the scene I found time to get screenshots from my last wonderful session with Val, if you like tall and don't mind the extra pounds you won't regret seeing her now she is in Arlington with apparently new look.I saw her once back in November. Didn't know she lets you record the session! Sfrancis118 04-20-16, 07:14 Had a chance to meet her last week and was not disappointed. Tiffany has a great body smile and personality. My time with her felt sincere and unrushed. Dfk BBBJ 69 daty fiv fia were enjoyed. Wouldn't do a stripper slide but still a great experience. A little more than typical agencies at 400 but worth it IMO. I plan to repeat. http://ame.companionfiles.com/models/34227 Trewaller 04-21-16, 12:34 757XXX8259 Anyone have any info on her; we were communicating and then she just stopped. Maybe in the Manassas area. Mike77 04-29-16, 14:29 She mentioned that she loves this site and that she is a member here under the screen name jamiejinxy. I saw her last week as I found out that she would be in town for a few days and seeing all the positive reviews, and I must agree with everything. She was simply amazing. Probably the most accommodating provider that I had ever had the pleasure of spending time with. She really goes the extra mile to make you feel comfortable and the entire session was all about making sure that I left happy. Her rates were "standard", but she provided much more than the typical service you typically get for that rate. I also really like her appearance, but you may have different taste. She is a curvy woman. Here is her website: http://jamieinsaratoga.com/home. The downside? She is gone, and doesn't plan on coming back often. She said her next trip down would be in November. Wiiiiam 04-29-16, 17:20 Great reviews on her. What part of NO Va does she host? Hard to qualify for a visit? Thanks for any info. Had a chance to meet her last week and was not disappointed. Tiffany has a great body smile and personality. My time with her felt sincere and unrushed. Dfk BBBJ 69 daty fiv fia were enjoyed. Wouldn't do a stripper slide but still a great experience. A little more than typical agencies at 400 but worth it IMO. I plan to repeat. http://ame.companionfiles.com/models/34227 JmSuttr 05-01-16, 10:54 Had a chance to meet her last week and was not disappointed. Tiffany has a great body smile and personality. My time with her felt sincere and unrushed. Dfk BBBJ 69 daty fiv fia were enjoyed. Wouldn't do a stripper slide but still a great experience. A little more than typical agencies at 400 but worth it IMO. I plan to repeat. http://ame.companionfiles.com/models/34227Glad you had a nice time but there are so many GFE options out there at around $300, not sure what Tiffany offers that's worth an extra $. FWIW, the Eros GFE section has quite a few hotties at the 300 level and, with a little homework on this forum and the oThER site, you should be able to find even better values. http://www.eros.com/washington_dc/sections/washington_dc_gfe_escorts.htm Sfrancis118 05-01-16, 12:47 Glad you had a nice time but there are so many GFE options out there at around $300, not sure what Tiffany offers that's worth an extra $. FWIW, the Eros GFE section has quite a few hotties at the 300 level and, with a little homework on this forum and the oThER site, you should be able to find even better values. http://www.eros.com/washington_dc/sections/washington_dc_gfe_escorts.htmThanks for the advice but I'm happy with my choice and hope members appreciate the contribution. I've posted many reviews on the other site as well so that we all can review and make our own informed choices. Sfrancis118 05-01-16, 12:55 My experiences with matchless have gone downhill. I used to visit almost weekly. My last experience withBonnie was a bit of a disappointment. Asked for $$ up front no problem. However her demeanor changed once in hand. She was sweet and flirty at first. Changed to hurry up mode after. Don't do that. Are you going to come yet. Would fight me with her legs to not get deeper penetration. Their first stable of girls were great. Eastern European with great attention attitude and service. Not sure what went wrong. https://matchlessbeauties.com/escorts/bonnie/ JmSuttr 05-01-16, 13:58 Thanks for the advice but I'm happy with my choice and hope members appreciate the contribution. I've posted many reviews on the other site as well so that we all can review and make our own informed choices.Just to clarify, nothing in my post was intended to downplay either your experience or your contribution. And, as I said, I'm happy you had a good session. But one of the great benefits of this forum is to share intel not only about specific providers but also about how to get the most for our hard-earned $. IMHO, when it comes to the higher price levels, the differences between $300-$400-$500+ GFE providers become much more intangible. That's because, assuming they provide the services that qualify them for the GFE label, after that it mostly comes down to appearance and whatever type of ambiance or connection there is between provider and client. But the tricky part about such intangibles is how much they can vary from individual to individual, and even from session to session with the same provider. If you think of high-priced GFE escorts in the same way as Michelin 3-star restaurants, the differences are similarly intangible and individual. In your post you provided a stellar review of one such establishment. In my post I'm adhering to your advice about making informed choices by pointing out that there are others who may provide a similarly wonderful experience for less. Of course, as always, every hobbyist will check out the available marketplace options and spend their money as they see fit. Sfrancis118 05-02-16, 08:51 Just to clarify, nothing in my post was intended to downplay either your experience or your contribution. And, as I said, I'm happy you had a good session. But one of the great benefits of this forum is to share intel not only about specific providers but also about how to get the most for our hard-earned $. IMHO, when it comes to the higher price levels, the differences between $300-$400-$500+ GFE providers become much more intangible. That's because, assuming they provide the services that qualify them for the GFE label, after that it mostly comes down to appearance and whatever type of ambiance or connection there is between provider and client. But the tricky part about such intangibles is how much they can vary from individual to individual, and even from session to session with the same provider. If you think of high-priced GFE escorts in the same way as Michelin 3-star restaurants, the differences are similarly intangible and individual. In your post you provided a stellar review of one such establishment. In my post I'm adhering to your advice about making informed choices by pointing out that there are others who may provide a similarly wonderful experience for less. Of course, as always, every hobbyist will check out the available marketplace options and spend their money as they see fit.Fair enough. With that said, maybe we post a value chart by price range and include some recommendations. For example rank providers in the 100-200,200-300,300-400, and 400+. I've had varied experiences at different price points. Recently found an agency at 200 (see Baltimore) that has proven to be a great value. At 300 some success with Ame.companionfiles, jennifersmodels, and flawless. Downhill experiences with matchless. (See below). IMHO could prove insightful. Roamin Roman 05-05-16, 05:34 Fair enough. With that said, maybe we post a value chart by price range and include some recommendations. For example rank providers in the 100-200,200-300,300-400, and 400+.Unfortunately, while such an endeavor might seem feasible, it's doomed to failure and frustration. PRICE is entirely an objective measure, while VALUE is largely a subjective measure (even with multiple metrics attached). The PRICE that a person is willing to pay for a commodity or service depends on the VALUE that one attaches to it. Different people will attach different values to various and sundry commodities or services, which is the Free Market in unhindered operation. The market will determine the optimum PRICE that a commodity or service can command, via the countless voluntary individual transactions that occur (all of which depend on the particular VALUE that those individuals place on the commodity or service). Sellers also attach value to the commodity or service they are offering, and that will dictate their asking price. In all likelihood, the value they attach and the value a potential buyer attaches will differ, but their respective acceptable price ranges might overlap. If those ranges do overlap, then a negotiation ensues. If a seller is astute, he or she will adjust the asking price to the point that best maximizes the number of transactions within the price range he or she is willing to accept for the commodity or service (again, based on the perceived value). The point is, since we all (the potential buyers) have different values that we attach to even the same BP providers, attempting to categorize providers into a value chart by price range will be an exercise in futility. If each of us is satisfied with the price we each pay for a provider's services, then we've obtained "good value. " That's about the best you'll be able to do, IMO. Now, that said, one can produce a chart that groups providers by PRICE vs. SERVICES, both of which are objective measures. However, one will still be left with the question of QUALITY of said services. Absent specific metrics to adjudge those services, even this sort of ranking system will fail. Besides, who among us wants (or is able) to think about objective metrics when some provider has either pair of her lips wrapped around Junior? I know my focus won't be on objective metrics at that point; I'll be focused on subjective matters. But maybe other mongers can compartmentalize thinks, in a Mr. Spock-like manner, while a session is in progress. Who knows? Who cares? Good luck, though, should you attempt such a chart and ranking system. I'll be interested in seeing its implementation. Roman P.S. - By the way, when you think about it, the USASG basically is already doing what you're seeking to do: rank the relative Price-Value of any given provider. It's just that the USASG does it in a much more thorough way, via the various discussions and reports. For any given provider, our community is able to thresh out approximately where that provider is located in the Price-Value continuum. JmSuttr 05-15-16, 18:19 Unfortunately, while such an endeavor might seem feasible, it's doomed to failure and frustration. PRICE is entirely an objective measure, while VALUE is largely a subjective measure (even with multiple metrics attached). The PRICE that a person is willing to pay for a commodity or service depends on the VALUE that one attaches to it. Different people will attach different values to various and sundry commodities or services, which is the Free Market in unhindered operation. The market will determine the optimum PRICE that a commodity or service can command, via the countless voluntary individual transactions that occur (all of which depend on the particular VALUE that those individuals place on the commodity or service). Sellers also attach value to the commodity or service they are offering, and that will dictate their asking price. In all likelihood, the value they attach and the value a potential buyer attaches will differ, but their respective acceptable price ranges might overlap. If those ranges do overlap, then a negotiation ensues. If a seller is astute, he or she will adjust the asking price to the point that best maximizes the number of transactions within the price range he or she is willing to accept for the commodity or service (again, based on the perceived value). The point is, since we all (the potential buyers) have different values that we attach to even the same BP providers, attempting to categorize providers into a value chart by price range will be an exercise in futility. If each of us is satisfied with the price we each pay for a provider's services, then we've obtained "good value. " That's about the best you'll be able to do, IMO. Now, that said, one can produce a chart that groups providers by PRICE vs. SERVICES, both of which are objective measures. However, one will still be left with the question of QUALITY of said services. Absent specific metrics to adjudge those services, even this sort of ranking system will fail. Besides, who among us wants (or is able) to think about objective metrics when some provider has either pair of her lips wrapped around Junior? I know my focus won't be on objective metrics at that point; I'll be focused on subjective matters. But maybe other mongers can compartmentalize thinks, in a Mr. Spock-like manner, while a session is in progress. Who knows? Who cares? Good luck, though, should you attempt such a chart and ranking system. I'll be interested in seeing its implementation. Roman P.S. - By the way, when you think about it, the USASG basically is already doing what you're seeking to do: rank the relative Price-Value of any given provider. It's just that the USASG does it in a much more thorough way, via the various discussions and reports. For any given provider, our community is able to thresh out approximately where that provider is located in the Price-Value continuum.As you mentioned, the hobby is an interesting mix of the commodity (pussy) itself + appearance + service and I think there are some interesting parallels to similar markets. One that comes immediately to mind is the market for hotel beds (or even airline seats). The bed itself is the commodity but it's the difference in the appearance, convenience and service factors that work together to determine the price. Just like with hotels, there are 5-star providers at the top and a wide variety going all the way down to 1-star at the bottom. And just like with hotels, every buyer in the market wants to get the most value for their hard-earned dollar. Nobody wants to pay 5-star prices for a 2-star experience and that's why there are so many hotel price search and review sites. But a huge difference between these two markets is that the hotel industry has pricing down to a science so they know exactly when they can charge more and when they need to offer a discount. Unfortunately, most providers either copy other girls or they may develop "Golden Pussy" syndrome and simply assume the price should be whatever they think they're worth (and that mongers should be happy to pay it). IMHO there are a few reasons why some providers can get away with charging above-market prices. For one, they may be part-timers who don't need a steady income from the hobby. Also, there will always be mongers who are too busy (or lazy or newbies or whatever) and, if they happen to have the $, they will pay the higher fee. And finally, there's the dreaded little-head-itis, when the urge hits and you have a limited window of opportunity and your gonads tell you to just go for it. But what's crazy to me is that some of the same guys who will scour sites like Expedia and Kayak and TripAdvisor for the very best value in a hotel room too often don't put forth the same effort when it comes to finding an escort. When you think about this site (Hey, we're the TripAdvisor of Pussy!) and oThERs, it's not that heavy a lift. Of course, every monger has their own preferences (young vs MILF, spinner vs stacked, GND vs exotic, etc.) but that's where good homework comes in to make sure you're comparing apples to apples. Here's one example as an illustration (these NOVA sites have similar offerings, young hotties for "private viewing" sessions): http://bluegems.com/the-ladies/ http://www.secrettemptation.com/page4.html http://www.edenmodelsva.com/gallery/ They all used to charge 120 for a hh session until bluegems raised it to 140. From my perspective (full disclosure, I haven't visited any of them) unless I had an especially good report about a particular bluegems girl, I'd see no reason to pay the higher fee. I absolutely understand it's only $20, but if you found a hotel room for $20 less than another that was in the same neighborhood and comparable in every respect, what's the justification for the higher price? The bottom line is that the more info that's out there about price + service + all the other relevant factors mongers care about, the more efficiently the market will function. But all the resources in the world won't help if hobbyists don't engage the big head and use them. Sommelier13 05-15-16, 18:59 Visiting for the week, would love for someone to save me a lot of time researching. . Bunker Buster 05-15-16, 20:07 The bottom line is that the more info that's out there about price + service + all the other relevant factors mongers care about, the more efficiently the market will function. But all the resources in the world won't help if hobbyists don't engage the big head and use them.Whether hotels, airlines, clothing, or restaurants, there are always people who will pay the going rate without doing any legwork, either out of laziness, ignorance, or status seeking. We here can pat ourselves and each other on the back for participating in the hobby's TripAdvisor (or are we Yelpers?, LOL), knowing that we're mostly getting better prices, service, and value, with less risk, than the average lunk out there. There will always be someone getting a free room or a free meal, but if you're consistently beating the rack rate and getting good value (satisfactory return on expenditure), the suckers who are overpaying are their own problem. If anything, by spending their time and money on the bad deals, they're leaving the better deals available for us. Who remembers the Syms clothing store's motto? "An Educated Consumer is our Best Customer". Sommelier13 05-15-16, 21:10 Visiting for a week, can anyone recommend a good provider? JazonArgos15 05-16-16, 12:09 [Deleted by Admin]JazonArgos. EDITOR'S NOTE: This report was redacted or deleted to remove sections of the report that were largely argumentative. Please read the Forum FAQ and the Forum's Posting Guidelines for more information. Thank You! I banned your old user for being an asshole and it doesn't look like you're learning anything. I suggest you learn to use the ignore function. A2 Roamin Roman 05-16-16, 21:15 Visiting for a week, can anyone recommend a good provider?Well, amigo, your posting history isn't one that would give many long-time members a lot of comfort. Many of your posts are of the "Does anyone know" variety, rather than posts that provide board members with good, useful intel. Posts that share actionable info from your experiences (both good and bad) help build-up what's known as board cred. Each monger expends his own hard-earned cash and limited free time to obtain the info that he shares, so when someone with a very thin resume comes along and asks for details, it's not likely to be viewed favorably by those who can provide the info you seek. You can still obtain some general info; however, long-time posters still prefer to see a bit more effort on the part of those who ask for info but haven't really contributed much to the forum. The key is participation, my friend. Now, with that as preface, I can provide you with a few helpful tidbits for your upcoming visit. (1) The AMPs in the NoVA area (i.e., south of the Potomac River) are nearly all HE operations. If you go north of the river, though, you'll find a number (especially in and around Greenbelt and other spots in Prince Georges County) that offer FS. The rates are typically .7 for house fee and $ for FS. (2) For BP operations, including the "indies", there are the good, bad, and ugly, just as you'd expect to find anywhere. If you check the USASG's BP forums for Northern Virginia, Maryland, and the District of Columbia, you should be able to weed out the ugly and, most likely, the bad as well. Here in NoVA, I've found that the Chinese operations are fairly reliable and consistent. And, even though you haven't really contributed much to justify it, I'm going to give you a one-time freebie (not that type) by pointing you to a place where you should be able to satisfy your desires. Depending on where you'll be staying when you get here, the following ad is an acceptable one. Not the best, but not the worst. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/attractive-asian-good-service-703-203-0671-centreville/20304139 Now, what do I ask in return? Personally, nothing. But, for the other members of the NoVA forum, as well as your fellow USASG members in your home city, I'd only ask that you try to post more than what you've done thus far. Get involved, rather than being basically a lurker who occasionally comes with hat in hand asking for freebies. When you get involved more actively, you'll find that others will be FAR more willing to share their info, especially the gems that we've all discovered but don't necessarily broadcast far-and-wide. Bear in mind, the success of the USASG is largely driven by sharing and participation. You'll get out what you put in, and then some. But, if you remain on the sidelines, you'll be depriving yourself and your fellow mongers of a lot of good, useful info. So, there you have it, amigo. The choice is yours, but think about it: We have a cost-free forum with the USASG, with a ton of useful info shared daily, yet too many mongers just don't make use of its full potential. So, come on and join the parade. I guarantee you'll have a lot more fun if you do. Roman Cowboy Wilson 05-16-16, 21:31 "The key is participation, my friend. ". Wow Roamin, you are one patient dude. Most of us had the pin pulled on the grenade. The only thing to add is to suggest A2 put your work on a splash page when new members sign up. Peace. JmSuttr 05-16-16, 21:38 Visiting for a week, can anyone recommend a good provider?Since your posting history centers mostly around Anchorage, I assume you're familiar with this site: http://liveescortreviews.com/gallery/anchorage Substitute "nova" for "anchorage" and you'll be well on your way to what you seek. BTW, it's pretty hard to give recommendations without some specifics (preferences, price range, car vs public transport, incall vs outcall, etc.). LoveToDine 05-18-16, 10:17 Thai young lady visiting us for a while in NOVA. Highly recommend. $$. 6. Skills 9/10. Looks 9/10. Attitude 10/10. http://celinajoop.hotprovider.com/profile/ PM questions. Happy Hunting. LTD. BrookeOnimous 05-18-16, 18:50 I'm a 30 year old female who is writing about the commercial sex industry. [Deleted by Admin] Not just no but fuck no. Every single time, WITHOUT FAIL, that somebody does this they end up lifting shit out of context and portraying commercial sex in the worst light possible. Be gone A2 Roamin Roman 05-19-16, 15:10 I'm a 30 year old female who is writing about the commercial sex industry. Deleted by Admin Not just no but fuck no. Every single time, WITHOUT FAIL, that somebody does this they end up lifting shit out of context and portraying commercial sex in the worst light possible. Be gone A2Glad you nipped this one in the bud before anyone had jumped onto it. My feelings are the same as yours: These sorts of "news" articles invariably have an agenda behind them, and the women (usually) who are writing these stories either misquote, selectively quote, or mischaracterize what someone else says. Now, in fairness to BrookeOnimous (a name which still has an "ominous" anagram-like quality to it), she may have had honest intent. But, similar articles that have come before, which have unfairly portrayed the commercial sex industry, cast an indelible suspicion on her and this "new" article she apparently wants to write. It's not our fault, but the fault of those in her industry (the media). It may come as a surprise to those like BrookeOnimous, but commercial sex is viewed in some parts of the world as a legitimate means for earning an income. It's not always a "career", but is often merely a temporary means for bridging an income gap or providing for short-term needs. And, while there are abusive and unsavory elements in some sectors, even in this country, there are also those who view the exchange as a legitimate (and ongoing) business relationship. One also can't help asking, rhetorically, to the media crusaders: If B. J. Clinton (that is, Bill Jefferson Clinton) and his relationship with Monica Lewinsky was excused as "private consensual behavior" (which, clearly, involved some quid pro quo), why isn't the same consideration given to this industry? The answer is obvious: The women who work in AMPs, etc. , aren't necessarily registered with a particular political party and probably don't provide huge campaign donations. Anyway, thanks again for squelching this (probable) thinly-veiled attempt to yet again cast our private and consensual hobby in the worst possible light. Roman Sommelier13 05-19-16, 17:42 Roman, thanks for that response. You are absolutely right. And BTW sorry for the double post, I didn't think the first one submitted. Wolfpack33 05-23-16, 20:40 I had a dream with Sofi last year and want to see her again but in her ad she now has another number and I couldn't find any reviews with it. I'm wondering if the ad is legit. L Knit 06-01-16, 10:09 Have visited often over the years. She has used different names but has always been a solid local MILF type provider with a GFE menu and fair rates. Mostly offers incall in Chantilly. The pics in her adds are actually hers and her ass is incredible. Easy to schedule with and no games. TER 286980. http://washingtondc.sugarnights.com/escorts/preslee-blake http://www.eros.com/washington_dc/files/632102.htm Telcova 06-01-16, 12:05 She has always been a solid performer (for me). I haven't seen her since the number change. Based on it going straight to vm with a spanish operator message (as it did before) I would think it's legit. She used to setup her own appointments so I would keep trying and see if you hear a familiar voice when you connect. I had a dream with Sofi last year and want to see her again but in her ad she now has another number and I couldn't find any reviews with it. I'm wondering if the ad is legit. GasBomber 06-03-16, 03:51 Have visited often over the years. She has used different names but has always been a solid local MILF type provider with a GFE menu and fair rates. Mostly offers incall in Chantilly. The pics in her adds are actually hers and her ass is incredible. Easy to schedule with and no games. TER 286980. http://washingtondc.sugarnights.com/escorts/preslee-blake http://www.eros.com/washington_dc/files/632102.htmIs GFE including DFK, BB, and MSOG? I thought I read that on her page the other day but suddenly it's not there anymore. Do you recommend hhr or hour? L Knit 06-08-16, 15:40 Is GFE including DFK, BB, and MSOG? I thought I read that on her page the other day but suddenly it's not there anymore. Do you recommend hhr or hour?I sent you a PM. Yes she's always been GFE in the real meaning with me but YMMV depending on the usual factors, cleanliness and how you treat her. 1/2 or full hr. Doesn't matter, just depends on your stamina I guess. DMan46 06-08-16, 16:12 I apologize in advance if this is a bit of a dumb question. Correct me if I'm wrong, but after reading through multiple forums, it seems like the safest and most reliable way to hobby is to use one of the various escort agencies (usually Asian) whom require references for you to get in. I'm still relatively new to the scene here in the states I just recently relocated to DC from overseas which is wear I first got interested in this hobby. Needless to say it's much simpler and more straight forward abroad and especially in the country I was living. I've visited some AMPs but it's so hot or miss and seems to be overpriced for what you get. So my question is how exactly to you build up references while stay safe? And is there any of these agencies that anyone can recommend?? Feel free to PM me. Thanks in advance! And stay safe and happy hunting!! FreeWilly12 06-11-16, 18:03 http://www.butterflylegend.com/#!new-model / l43 y7. Have seen a few girls from this agency but a new girl in town that I wanted to taste. That's an understatement. Very close to the girl in the pics, 27,cute, looks 8. 5, breast 8,ass,10. All I can say is go see this young spinner before she leaves. Safe location, key pad entry, parking options great. Not giving all my secrets away, but set up appointment. $$$ GFE+ and it was plus. Meet at door, shoes off, lfk, let to bedroom. Nice music, low lighting, and then our hands wonder all over. Met on one piece lingerie with no panties and she was ready. Traditional listeria toast, bath with washing all the important areas. Then let me to the bed and she proceeded to get on all 4's with that beautiful ass in the air and I started to feast on her sweet pussy. No fake moans here. After that we proceeded to lay next to each other dfk, which she is new at coming from NYC, AMP, everything covered and only one pop. I them proceeded to feast on her pussy (the longest I have ever spent at the diner, but it was so good, Fiv, no fia, but she had multiple O's that once I finished she had to take a break. Started back doggy, then cg and rcg. Slow night on my part but after changing to 69 I finally cim and she graciously spit it out into towel. We both layer back and caught our wind and I only had the one pop in me tonight. To the showers with a nice clean up and she wanted to make sure I was clean. Will hopefully repeat before she leaves. If you want a treat go see her and find your joy to the world! Mayhem101 06-13-16, 12:36 I have also seen a number of ladies at this agency and I have been highly satisfied. Very reliable well run agency. I find the Korean agencies to be a big step up from the AMPs but screening is required. Once you are screened, it is simple to make an appointment with call or text and time and choice of lady. The other Korean agencies in town also have good reputations but sometimes screening takes a while. Crankcase 06-18-16, 08:10 I have also seen a number of ladies at this agency and I have been highly satisfied. Very reliable well run agency. I find the Korean agencies to be a big step up from the AMPs but screening is required. Once you are screened, it is simple to make an appointment with call or text and time and choice of lady. The other Korean agencies in town also have good reputations but sometimes screening takes a while.How does one get references? I can't imagine my local provider wants to lose business. I only started a few months ago. I have not had any truly bad experiences, and no bad interactions. Most providers would remember me (I am distinctive in appearance), and I would think positively. The talent at that sight was. Interesting and I want to learn more. Thanks for sharing. Mayhem101 06-20-16, 12:59 How does one get references? I can't imagine my local provider wants to lose business. I only started a few months ago. I have not had any truly bad experiences, and no bad interactions. Most providers would remember me (I am distinctive in appearance), and I would think positively. The talent at that sight was. Interesting and I want to learn more. Thanks for sharing.While BP providers don't usually screen, most other escorts and all the Korean agencies require references or some type of screening. Yes, that does require that you provide the contact info for at least two providers that you have seen in the past that have websites. To get references, you get to find escorts who are more accomodating to those without references. Usually it does require some type of work information or you may find an escorts who will give you a break and see you and just do some type of assessment when she meets you. Often I can get by with just one recent reference or I just give up my work info which a lot of guys don't like to do. There are also screening websites where you pay a fee for the website to establish that you are legit. Providers who require references usually are good in responding to reference request because it is common courtesy and that is how the game is played. You can give a heads up to your references to let them know that you are using them as references. Happy Guy 2 06-21-16, 23:58 Had a nice dream with a nice petite Asian girl, Joyce. It seems she is reviewed here as an escort and on the Backpage reviews so I will post this on both. For me she was perfect. Several reviews said she was funny about cleanliness and did a sniff test among other things. I actually liked her concern for herself and for others. SAFE is my motto, otherwise for me it is not worth the risk. First, she is cute as a button, smooth tight skin, tight squeezable bun, nice breasts and a wonderful magnetic smile. She likes what she does and it shows. No real drama or bad habits. She does not like CIM and if asked, "what do you like best and that turns you on. ?" She sais "To Fuck". She visits town each month for 2-3 weeks around the and. VA area, and has for a while. I think she must have a bunch of regulars, because she is worth it. She is friendly, GFE to me and as I said, a killer smile. I am not a Wham Bam type of guy, sort of a romantic that likes and respects women and she provided a nice girl friend type of cuddling with enjoyable sexplay for an hour at 1. 6. Definite repeat for me. She is safe and professional without drama, my type and cute as a button. I liked and respected her. Great attitude. Lovely date. Treat her very nice. A jewel. Happy Guy 2. Trewaller 06-26-16, 11:40 This is just a story from my recent trip to a southern state where I had to attend to a serious issue of a family member (I won't bother the forum with the details but it was an aortic valve replacement and a life and death situation to someone very dear to me) While I was there I decided that with quite a bit of downtime in the evenings I should put my time and $$ to good use. Anyway it was an area where a quick perusal of the local landscape (boards / CL / BP etc) just did not give me much hope so I went through the USASG posts and picked the senior member with the highest number of posts and read through them and determined that he kind of had his hand on the pulse of the talent in the area. Well; he gave me 3 options (2 of which were outcall) and gave me info on them that I could check and contact info. Well this is the one I contacted and she drove over an hour to provide me with over an hour of full GFE and I mean full with all of the passion that you wish you could come to expect. I have digits for her and she texts me once and a while just to say hi (that's the benefit of over-tipping) and since I have a continuous future need to check up on the family member (the procedure was a success) I will be seeing this little gem every time I go down. So the moral of my story is that you just can't take Senior Members for granted. Ours included; they really can steer you in the right direction. I am also pretty sure this SM backchecked my post cred so I guess I passed. Just a story but if any SM's travel deep south and would like the 411 PM me Oh and the 2nd option was also a very good one but I never got around to her but I just may the next time I go down as she was one of these girls that had transitioned from really hot to ssbbw but had a nice rack and blonde hair which I am fond of and was kind of desperate for cash (single mom) - Like I said. Just a story to let our True Senior Members that they are valued. You guys know who you are. Nyhornet 06-27-16, 16:28 I usually have my fun in the Centreville, Chantilly, West Fairfax areas. But I will be in Springfield area later this week and interested in a friendly younger Asian to meet in a safe area. PM me if you prefer. Appreciate anyone's help. EasyEmail786 06-28-16, 08:08 You are right, I have been a memeber for so long but do not share as much as I listen. I will post more from now on. This is just a story from my recent trip to a southern state where I had to attend to a serious issue of a family member (I won't bother the forum with the details but it was an aortic valve replacement and a life and death situation to someone very dear to me) While I was there I decided that with quite a bit of downtime in the evenings I should put my time and $$ to good use. Anyway it was an area where a quick perusal of the local landscape (boards / CL / BP etc) just did not give me much hope so I went through the USASG posts and picked the senior member with the highest number of posts and read through them and determined that he kind of had his hand on the pulse of the talent in the area. Well; he gave me 3 options (2 of which were outcall) and gave me info on them that I could check and contact info. Well this is the one I contacted and she drove over an hour to provide me with over an hour of full GFE and I mean full with all of the passion that you wish you could come to expect. I have digits for her and she texts me once and a while just to say hi (that's the benefit of over-tipping) and since I have a continuous future need to check up on the family member (the procedure was a success) I will be seeing this little gem every time I go down. So the moral of my story is that you just can't take Senior Members for granted. Ours included; they really can steer you in the right direction. I am also pretty sure this SM backchecked my post cred so I guess I passed. Just a story but if any SM's travel deep south and would like the 411 PM me Oh and the 2nd option was also a very good one but I never got around to her but I just may the next time I go down as she was one of these girls that had transitioned from really hot to ssbbw but had a nice rack and blonde hair which I am fond of and was kind of desperate for cash (single mom) - Like I said. Just a story to let our True Senior Members that they are valued. You guys know who you are. EasyEmail786 06-28-16, 08:11 Yes I have seeing this agency girls for a whike now, very pro and satisfying. I have also seen a number of ladies at this agency and I have been highly satisfied. Very reliable well run agency. I find the Korean agencies to be a big step up from the AMPs but screening is required. Once you are screened, it is simple to make an appointment with call or text and time and choice of lady. The other Korean agencies in town also have good reputations but sometimes screening takes a while. Cowboy Wilson 06-28-16, 22:44 This is just a story from my recent trip to a southern state where I had to attend to a serious issue of a family member (I won't bother the forum with the details but it was an aortic valve replacement and a life and death situation to someone very dear to me) While I was there I decided that with quite a bit of downtime in the evenings I should put my time and $$ to good use. Anyway it was an area where a quick perusal of the local landscape (boards / CL / BP etc) just did not give me much hope so I went through the USASG posts and picked the senior member with the highest number of posts and read through them and determined that he kind of had his hand on the pulse of the talent in the area. Well; he gave me 3 options (2 of which were outcall) and gave me info on them that I could check and contact info. Well this is the one I contacted and she drove over an hour to provide me with over an hour of full GFE and I mean full with all of the passion that you wish you could come to expect. I have digits for her and she texts me once and a while just to say hi (that's the benefit of over-tipping) and since I have a continuous future need to check up on the family member (the procedure was a success) I will be seeing this little gem every time I go down. So the moral of my story is that you just can't take Senior Members for granted. Ours included; they really can steer you in the right direction. I am also pretty sure this SM backchecked my post cred so I guess I passed. Just a story but if any SM's travel deep south and would like the 411 PM me Oh and the 2nd option was also a very good one but I never got around to her but I just may the next time I go down as she was one of these girls that had transitioned from really hot to ssbbw but had a nice rack and blonde hair which I am fond of and was kind of desperate for cash (single mom) - Like I said. Just a story to let our True Senior Members that they are valued. You guys know who you are.She's hot, how far south? MavDog2 07-06-16, 01:02 While BP providers don't usually screen, most other escorts and all the Korean agencies require references or some type of screening. Yes, that does require that you provide the contact info for at least two providers that you have seen in the past that have websites. To get references, you get to find escorts who are more accomodating to those without references. Usually it does require some type of work information or you may find an escorts who will give you a break and see you and just do some type of assessment when she meets you. Often I can get by with just one recent reference or I just give up my work info which a lot of guys don't like to do. There are also screening websites where you pay a fee for the website to establish that you are legit. Providers who require references usually are good in responding to reference request because it is common courtesy and that is how the game is played. You can give a heads up to your references to let them know that you are using them as references.Yeah I've been a lurker for several years now (and mostly stick with Greenbelt, MD). So far, I could only really say I have one reference. Someone I've seen twice, and gave me a word to use haha. After reading the agency review (Butterfly Legend) below, I'd like to try them, but the three references is tough for me. That's what they are requesting on the website. I'd have no problem paying for a more consistent experience then with AMPs. Sjoh842 07-07-16, 02:36 Yeah I've been a lurker for several years now (and mostly stick with Greenbelt, MD). So far, I could only really say I have one reference. Someone I've seen twice, and gave me a word to use haha. After reading the agency review (Butterfly Legend) below, I'd like to try them, but the three references is tough for me. That's what they are requesting on the website. I'd have no problem paying for a more consistent experience then with AMPs.Hey so good way to do it is to look through TER and find a provider that is newbie friendly and willing to verify through work or something else like that then eventually find a agency that does the same. This way you start building up some references to move on to stricter agencies. It might take some time and $ but just choose providers with a website already established, makes them look more credible than just another BP girl with a number. Goodluck. MavDog2 07-07-16, 12:54 Hey so good way to do it is to look through TER and find a provider that is newbie friendly and willing to verify through work or something else like that then eventually find a agency that does the same. This way you start building up some references to move on to stricter agencies. It might take some time and $ but just choose providers with a website already established, makes them look more credible than just another BP girl with a number. Goodluck.Yeah that makes sense. The reference I have has a website (and she let me see her without references, but had her own verification procedure). Moreover I gave a good first impression, so I think that helps haha. But as you said, that's only one, so looks like I should add two more to at least start on better footing. HavingFun6931 07-10-16, 22:41 Had a nice dream with a nice petite Asian girl, Joyce. It seems she is reviewed here as an escort and on the Backpage reviews so I will post this on both. For me she was perfect. Several reviews said she was funny about cleanliness and did a sniff test among other things. I actually liked her concern for herself and for others. SAFE is my motto, otherwise for me it is not worth the risk. First, she is cute as a button, smooth tight skin, tight squeezable bun, nice breasts and a wonderful magnetic smile. She likes what she does and it shows. No real drama or bad habits. She does not like CIM and if asked, "what do you like best and that turns you on. ?" She sais "To Fuck". She visits town each month for 2-3 weeks around the and. VA area, and has for a while. I think she must have a bunch of regulars, because she is worth it. She is friendly, GFE to me and as I said, a killer smile. I am not a Wham Bam type of guy, sort of a romantic that likes and respects women and she provided a nice girl friend type of cuddling with enjoyable sexplay for an hour at 1. 6. Definite repeat for me. She is safe and professional without drama, my type and cute as a button. I liked and respected her. Great attitude. Lovely date. Treat her very nice. A jewel. Happy Guy 2.Thank you for this review. I've dreamt about her twice and would like to echo your assessment of her. Yes the sniff test is odd but it's very quick and best for her and us to be safe and sure. Once she gets past that, she is a lot of fun. I was lucky enough to dream about doing CIM with her, the first time I saw her. She was okay with it. Second time not. She is very much a bargain for what she charges. Cute as a button for sure, she likes what she does. No drama or bad habits. I've dreamt that she likes to fuck. And in this dream she very much does. I'd second the recommendation to see her and will be seeing her again in the future when I can. HavingFun6931 07-10-16, 22:54 [Deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove references to Transvestites/Transsexuals/SheMales. As provided in the Forum's Posting Guideline, members may not discuss Transvestites/Transsexuals/SheMales. Please read the Forum's Posting Guidelines for further information. Thanks! Fixter 07-11-16, 06:30 Thank you for this review. I've dreamt about her twice and would like to echo your assessment of her. Yes the sniff test is odd but it's very quick and best for her and us to be safe and sure. Once she gets past that, she is a lot of fun. I was lucky enough to dream about doing CIM with her, the first time I saw her. She was okay with it. Second time not. She is very much a bargain for what she charges. Cute as a button for sure, she likes what she does. No drama or bad habits. I've dreamt that she likes to fuck. And in this dream she very much does. I'd second the recommendation to see her and will be seeing her again in the future when I can.I have been wanting to see Joyce for awhile. I will be in the DC area today if anyone is willing to share info on her please PM me. JmSuttr 07-11-16, 11:58 I have been wanting to see Joyce for awhile. I will be in the DC area today if anyone is willing to share info on her please PM me.When she visits she mostly stays in the Chantilly area and posts an ad on BP with her real pic and the ad usually includes the phrase "Friendly Asian. ". Black Coffee 07-11-16, 19:45 When she visits she mostly stays in the Chantilly area and posts an ad on BP with her real pic and the ad usually includes the phrase "Friendly Asian. ".My side business is experiencing it's usual spring slowdown so I was unable to partake on her last tour. I texted her a couple days ago and she said she wouldn't be back for a couple months. She also added that this past tour was slow as she only saw 2-3 clients a day and hotel rates were going up for the summer. That's unfortunate as she is a true gem and one of the few whom you hope everything works out well for her going forward. Crankcase 07-19-16, 14:13 I am unsure if this is a Backpage or Escort post, but the similarities in these posts on backpage makes me wonder about them. Are these possible escorts, or a bait'and switch shop? http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/japane-model-new-arriving-young-incalls-22/24048702 Or. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/asian-lady-special-service-new-arrived-today/18377603 Or. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/asian-sweetie-never-been-here-before-hornyandsubmissive-angel-face202-766-2611/21250136 Or. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/cum-warm-up-incall-and-outcallopen-mind-gorgeous-asian/24034663 I have enjoyed the AMP scene but have a growing appetite, and no established referrals. Second part. Is the "Preferred 411" referral site actually used by escort services? Or just a $$ setup? JmSuttr 07-20-16, 07:41 I am unsure if this is a Backpage or Escort post, but the similarities in these posts on backpage makes me wonder about them. Are these possible escorts, or a bait'and switch shop? http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/japane-model-new-arriving-young-incalls-22/24048702 Or. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/asian-lady-special-service-new-arrived-today/18377603 Or. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/asian-sweetie-never-been-here-before-hornyandsubmissive-angel-face202-766-2611/21250136 Or. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/cum-warm-up-incall-and-outcallopen-mind-gorgeous-asian/24034663 I have enjoyed the AMP scene but have a growing appetite, and no established referrals. Second part. Is the "Preferred 411" referral site actually used by escort services? Or just a $$ setup?Do a forum search using that keyword and you'll find out what you need to know. On P411, some providers and agencies use it for verification purposes but it's not something you absolutely need to enjoy the hobby. Plenty of non-P411 fish in the sea. And, as far as referrals are concerned, for every provider who requires references there are 2 or 3 (or more) who don't. Whenever I encounter a provider who want me to jump through hoops before she'll agree to see me, I move on. Some reasonable screening if fine but some of these girls go to incredible extremes. I have no problem with their wanting to stay safe but the only way to do that 100% is to get out of the biz. They want all your personal info (name, job, email, phone, etc.) and you know zip about them. Not happening, at least not for this monger. Again, plenty of fish in the sea. It's always good to remember that, at its most basic, we're playing in a commodity market. Money and pussy are the commodities being exchanged, with bid and ask prices fluctuating depending on market conditions. Both sides are free to pick and choose what works for them. If you don't like the terms of a particular deal, move on and find a better one. Sjoh842 07-20-16, 15:38 I am unsure if this is a Backpage or Escort post, but the similarities in these posts on backpage makes me wonder about them. Are these possible escorts, or a bait'and switch shop? http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/japane-model-new-arriving-young-incalls-22/24048702 Or. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/asian-lady-special-service-new-arrived-today/18377603 Or. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/asian-sweetie-never-been-here-before-hornyandsubmissive-angel-face202-766-2611/21250136 Or. http://nova.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/cum-warm-up-incall-and-outcallopen-mind-gorgeous-asian/24034663 I have enjoyed the AMP scene but have a growing appetite, and no established referrals. Second part. Is the "Preferred 411" referral site actually used by escort services? Or just a $$ setup?Hey so mostly 99% of the time the asian post on BP are either scams or bait and switch. If you really looking for an asian girl then get on TER and search them up. All have reviews and you could probably find a girl that doesn't expect references. Probably avoid the K-girl agencies since they all require references for verification. But there are others agencies that don't. If you need more help then pm me. L Knit 08-11-16, 11:01 Visited with Juliana through an agency I have used before. As always a beautiful tight bodied girl provided excellent services. What a crop of friendly beauties they have. PM if needed but just go visit. Pictures are an exact representation of who opened the door. Private extremely discreet upscale location. I'd 305727. http://notangels.companwhy / modelsdetalles. Php? Cod_modelo=41. Jim Rob 08-24-16, 10:46 [URL][http://lindoll888.******.com/URL] The board doesn't let me link. I can't figure it out. But google Search her email to find her page. Lindoll888@gmail I was thinking about booking time with this girl after finding her online under reviews on Ter, but something doesn't feel right to me. She doesn't promote at all. She has is this ****** page. She has reviews, but even reading them I feel like something isnt adding up. For example the 6 mongers that reviewed her all over the USA, not one monger is a local guy that not traveling all over. I worry that LEO puts up fake reviews in other markets to set up mongers around the USA. Hoping for Advice or if I'm worrying too much or if any of you guys have seen her. Thanks. http://lindoll888.******.com DMan46 08-24-16, 13:58 [URL][http://lindoll888.******.com/URL] The board doesn't let me link. I can't figure it out. But google Search her email to find her page. Lindoll888@gmail I was thinking about booking time with this girl after finding her online under reviews on Ter, but something doesn't feel right to me. She doesn't promote at all. She has is this ****** page. She has reviews, but even reading them I feel like something isnt adding up. For example the 6 mongers that reviewed her all over the USA, not one monger is a local guy that not traveling all over. I worry that LEO puts up fake reviews in other markets to set up mongers around the USA. Hoping for Advice or if I'm worrying too much or if any of you guys have seen her. Thanks. http://lindoll888.******.comI found her a week ago and have been wondering the same thing. The site she uses is an odd choice and her reviews just struck me as strange. I've also wondered if LEO posts fake reviews, curious to hear others opinion on this. However she's definitely on the expensive end so it seems like a weird strategy for LEO as most mongers will be turned off by the price alone. Further to my knowledge she doesn't advertise on BP or CL. I'm curious too as she looks hot as fuck. Jim Rob 08-24-16, 21:50 I found her a week ago and have been wondering the same thing. The site she uses is an odd choice and her reviews just struck me as strange. I've also wondered if LEO posts fake reviews, curious to hear others opinion on this. However she's definitely on the expensive end so it seems like a weird strategy for LEO as most mongers will be turned off by the price alone. Further to my knowledge she doesn't advertise on BP or CL. I'm curious too as she looks hot as fuck.She's advertise zero so that's what really makes me think WTF. Also maybe the higher cost gets higher end clients! Especially if media is involved makes good story when they arrest lawyers or doctors. I contacted her and she requires 3 references! Who ask for 3? One more thing .. 3 of the mongers that review Lin also saw another suspicious provider Jane ter id 296106.. She has the same type of page DMan46 08-25-16, 06:01 She's advertise zero so that's what really makes me think WTF. Also maybe the higher cost gets higher end clients! Especially if media is involved makes good story when they arrest lawyers or doctors. I contacted her and she requires 3 references! Who ask for 3? One more thing .. 3 of the mongers that review Lin also saw another suspicious provider Jane ter id 296106.. She has the same type of pageGood find with the other reviews. Most of the K agencies ask for 3 references so for me that's not a huge red flag. Perhaps this is some type of bait and switch scam hence the fakeish seeming reviews and high price tag. I just can't imagine LEO going to this length when they could easily just post some shit on BP / CL and set up a typical sting, where they nap a whole bunch of people at once. Or just raid an AMP. Regardless, I think we all can agree that something just isn't right and our guts are trying to tell us to stay away. Which is a good sign to stay away. Plenty of more fish in the sea. Stay Safe! Roamin Roman 08-25-16, 14:45 I contacted her and she requires 3 references! Who ask for 3?For me, if a provider requires references, that's basically a deal-breaker. It's a form of control that I'm just not willing to deal with. The sea is full of so many fish that do not have such requirements, and I'll cast my line in those waters. True, I might "miss out" on some extraordinary hottie, but the trade-off for me is worth it. But that's just my take on this. Pcpc1688 08-25-16, 14:48 For me, if a provider requires references, that's basically a deal-breaker. It's a form of control that I'm just not willing to deal with. The sea is full of so many fish that do not have such requirements, and I'll cast my line in those waters. True, I might "miss out" on some extraordinary hottie, but the trade-off for me is worth it. But that's just my take on this.100% correct. Who do those harlots think they are anyways, Moodys, Standard and Poors, Experian, or Equifax. NOT. Too many fish that need bait to even think about this. PC out. Jim Rob 08-25-16, 15:04 Both of you guys are right! Most providers or agencies don't really have interested to be a reference because what's in it for them! Like oh great this guy wants to spend money with someone else. I found for me several times a provider email asking for a reference never answers back. Also a Nasty provider can blacklist you because she didn't appreciate not getting a tip. For example her rate of 300 per hour and you leave no top they get offended and will talk shit about you. If your rate is 300 then that's all I'm giving. If you expect more raise your fee to what you're happy with. Also the more I dig on this girl I think it's a bait and switch. 100% correct. Who do those harlots think they are anyways, Moodys, Standard and Poors, Experian, or Equifax. NOT. Too many fish that need bait to even think about this. PC out. Harley Dude 29 08-25-16, 15:58 I agree, why waste time of two days waiting on a reference callback coming from ladies that don't know your real name trying to get a reference. If I am traveling and looking for fun, I don't have time to wait until someone calls back. You have to wonder how well this works. I can say that I have rolled the dice before and called and never got asked for a reference, so in some cases I think it is to screen out rift raft and when you sound ok on the phone and can put a sentence together then the reference thing goes out the window. Jim Rob 08-28-16, 00:07 I took a chance and saw her, but before out meeting I staked out the hotel like I was freaking LEO. I even had donuts and waited 2 hours for her to show and watch the hotel. I watched her arrive via uber and I knew she was real. However not that hot and a complete waste of money. Worse buyers remorse in some time. Not sexy as you would think from her pics, Also her attitude is very stuck up. For the money it's too much. Her English was alright, but hard to talk with her too much. Never could click with her. JmSuttr 08-28-16, 09:23 I took a chance and saw her, but before out meeting I staked out the hotel like I was freaking LEO. I even had donuts and waited 2 hours for her to show and watch the hotel. I watched her arrive via uber and I knew she was real. However not that hot and a complete waste of money. Worse buyers remorse in some time. Not sexy as you would think from her pics, Also her attitude is very stuck up. For the money it's too much. Her English was alright, but hard to talk with her too much. Never could click with her.Where does she advertise and what was the damage? DMan46 08-28-16, 21:40 I took a chance and saw her, but before out meeting I staked out the hotel like I was freaking LEO. I even had donuts and waited 2 hours for her to show and watch the hotel. I watched her arrive via uber and I knew she was real. However not that hot and a complete waste of money. Worse buyers remorse in some time. Not sexy as you would think from her pics, Also her attitude is very stuck up. For the money it's too much. Her English was alright, but hard to talk with her too much. Never could click with her.Wow I commend your bravery and willingness to just go for it. So no scam? Just a girl who overcharged and falsely advertised in a strange way? Jim Rob 08-30-16, 13:19 Damage was 5 bills and so not worth it. She's very stuck up. Where does she advertise and what was the damage? Bunker Buster 08-30-16, 18:37 I agree, why waste time of two days waiting on a reference callback coming from ladies that don't know your real name trying to get a reference. If I am traveling and looking for fun, I don't have time to wait until someone calls back. You have to wonder how well this works. I can say that I have rolled the dice before and called and never got asked for a reference, so in some cases I think it is to screen out rift raft and when you sound ok on the phone and can put a sentence together then the reference thing goes out the window.Girls I've seen will ask for references from guys who sound questionable on the phone. It's a good way to give them a brush-off without them coming back to harass or threaten the girls. Breasty 08-31-16, 00:25 Hey Mongers. I'm having a tough time finding a thin gal with D or better while here in Arlington. I'd appreciate any PM with recommendations. Thanks! Clong 09-26-16, 19:13 * NOTE * Pictures are actually real, to my surprise. Date: Sept, 16,2016. Provider: Celine. Contact: http://www.lotusflowerz.com/. Location: Fairfax, VA. Services: Non-GFE full service, convo (English just so so), CBJ, Shower, massage. Length: 45 minutes. Damage: 1. 6 + extra. Description: Asian, black hair, brown eyes tiny lady. Pictures are real, or at least I can not notice the difference. Details: Great experience. She open the door in a nice black short dress. Very friendly and playful. Drop the donation, take a shower. Comeback with lots of full body kissing and CBJ. We try a few position. Greek available for extra (YMMV). Nothing uncovered. Would recommend. The only inconvenience is location. If you do not know the area, getting to the parking lot may be challenging. Vector92 09-30-16, 16:50 * NOTE * Pictures are actually real, to my surprise. Date: Sept, 16,2016. Provider: Celine. Contact: http://www.lotusflowerz.com/. Location: Fairfax, VA. Services: Non-GFE full service, convo (English just so so), CBJ, Shower, massage. Length: 45 minutes. Damage: 1. 6 + extra. Description: Asian, black hair, brown eyes tiny lady. Pictures are real, or at least I can not notice the difference. Details: Great experience. She open the door in a nice black short dress. Very friendly and playful. Drop the donation, take a shower. Comeback with lots of full body kissing and CBJ. We try a few position. Greek available for extra (YMMV). Nothing uncovered. Would recommend. The only inconvenience is location. If you do not know the area, getting to the parking lot may be challenging.Been there a few times, never seen any girls with real pics but, always good looking. If you go for the hr + GFE is part of it and BBBJ is on the table. Besides that, everything is the same in my experience there. Nyhornet 09-30-16, 16:54 * NOTE * Pictures are actually real, to my surprise. Date: Sept, 16,2016. Provider: Celine. Contact: http://www.lotusflowerz.com/. Location: Fairfax, VA. Services: Non-GFE full service, convo (English just so so), CBJ, Shower, massage. Length: 45 minutes. Damage: 1. 6 + extra. Description: Asian, black hair, brown eyes tiny lady. Pictures are real, or at least I can not notice the difference. Details: Great experience. She open the door in a nice black short dress. Very friendly and playful. Drop the donation, take a shower. Comeback with lots of full body kissing and CBJ. We try a few position. Greek available for extra (YMMV). Nothing uncovered. Would recommend. The only inconvenience is location. If you do not know the area, getting to the parking lot may be challenging.Made my first appt with Lotusflowerz today after seeing this review and other positive reviews on the other site. Much of the description above matches my experience, except she was very shy and never really became playful and sensual in my opinion. She is cute with a pretty smile, a nice girl. The highlight for me was several minutes of BBBJ, but once the cover went on, the experience went down hill and she had to finish me with HJ. The other sight says she was a B cup which would be fine, but she was basically flat with nice nipples, but no breasts, really. Still, that is not a problem for me if she is sensual. Anyway, maybe just too much of an age difference for her, but it shouldn't be in that business. I might give them another try, with a different provider. Clong 10-02-16, 11:50 Been there a few times, never seen any girls with real pics but, always good looking. If you go for the hr + GFE is part of it and BBBJ is on the table. Besides that, everything is the same in my experience there.I'll give the GFE a shot soon. For my 1st time, I try not to get over commit, and walk out as soon as I see something wrong. But, so far, they seem to be decent. If only they speak more English. Vector92 10-03-16, 17:11 I'll give the GFE a shot soon. For my 1st time, I try not to get over commit, and walk out as soon as I see something wrong. But, so far, they seem to be decent. If only they speak more English.They rotate a lot, a few had really solid English a few I struggled to communicate anything. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/archive/index.php/t-4167-p-28.html?s=201d594d81614ebd85718a249bf8818e|_|USASexGuide > States & Cities > Tennessee > Nashville > Escort Reports PDA View Full Version : Escort Reports Pages : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 [28] 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 Jeepster1 01-18-15, 05:47 If you are talking about Rose Oiler, which I think you are. She absolutely posts ads on CL looking for party favors every once in awhile.Did you happen to notice if it was Rose's phone number on the ads? I'm asking because I've seen the exact same ad posted using pictures from at least 3 different BP advertisers. So I am unsure who the actual poster might be. -Jeepster1. Jimster28 01-18-15, 07:26 Jessica is a treasure indeed. Thanks for the reminder. I need to get back around and see her. She's a real sweetheart.She is indeed a sweetheart. And what perky nips to go along with that beautiful smile! Sweet River 01-18-15, 11:27 Did you happen to notice if it was Rose's phone number on the ads? I'm asking because I've seen the exact same ad posted using pictures from at least 3 different BP advertisers. So I am unsure who the actual poster might be. -Jeepster1.I know that I am new to meeting and gauging the honesty of Providers but I have been around several druggies and this Rose Oiler was too clean. Too calm. And too cool to be using. Had a great time and highly recommend. Bucktrain 01-18-15, 18:48 I know that I am new to meeting and gauging the honesty of Providers but I have been around several druggies and this Rose Oiler was too clean. Too calm. And too cool to be using. Had a great time and highly recommend.Rose is not the typical drugged out BP girl. She works out regularly, drives a nice car, but yes, she uses drugs. She may not be addicted and strung out but she parties. I know quite a few regular girls who have office jobs, nice cars, apartments, etc. Who regularly get high. BlackHawk101 01-18-15, 19:39 Ok guys I've been all over the Jenni heart band wagon! However, what's coming Monday had the looks of a young Kate Beckinsale! She could be Kate's younger better looking sister! However, no one except me has confirmed an appointment! I told her not to come if no one else confirms her 2 day visit! The sad thing is that she was planning on bring her playmate the following weekend! I have had over 20 of you find hobbiest ask about this beauty! If I know you from the board pm your email and I will send her pictures! However only if you are wanting to see her! I have promised to protect this young goddess! So I'm doing my best! Please let me know ASAP! Non-face Pictures to follow by tomorrow!She will be here tomorrow moring in the Cool Springs area! You lucky bank and government employees are off and can play! SteelTony36 01-19-15, 23:37 Had the distinct pleasure of dreaming of the lovely Ms Taylor Long today. Very easy to setup, and accomadating of my schedule. Not the greatest in call location, but I believe she's moving soon. Definitely sounds like she is relocating to TN. God I hope so. Agreed upon a time. I arrived at the location and she greeted me at the door in that strappy / banded outfit, no panties underneath. First impression, Wow. Amazing body on her, with legs for days! Probably 5 ft 10 maybe taller. Beautiful face to compliment that spectacular body. Didn't waste much time getting to the bed. LFK, DFK, and she's a great kisser to boot. Unwrapped the present that was the sexy body of hers. Some time enjoying that long, slender body. DATY which she seemed very appreciative of. Very vocal which I love. She insisted on returning the favor, and I was not in any position to refuse. Great BBBJ skills. Nearly devouring mr happy, and I'm not a small guy. Very wet, with ALOT of enthusiasm. More DATY, followed by 69, and then she begged me to be inside of her. Tight little kitty and very wet at this point. Mish for as long as I could take it. Between her being vocal, and just completely sensual, I wasn't going to last long. Got her there again in mish, before finishing. Cleaned up and laid on the bed naked, taking in that stunning body of hers. A little mutual massage. In short time, she was working mr happy up again with her amazing oral skills. With mr happy at full attention, she mounted me cowgirl. Looking up at that stunning body rocking hard on top of me was insane. The way her face and chest was flushed I could tell she really enjoyed it too. Very enthusiastic. She transitioned to ACG and was bouncing so hard on me I thought we were going to break the bed. After she had all she could take on top, I flipped her over. Instead if going back to mish though, I flipped her over. What a view from behind! Entered her lazy dog, and she loved it. She leaned her head back and I grabbed a handful of that long blond hair, Gave it to her in that position till she was begging for mercy. Literally tapped her out. Didn't get my 2nd shot, but had an amazing hour none the less. Everything I could ask for and more. Enthusiastic and passionate girl for sure! Look forward to seeing her again. RustyKuntz 01-20-15, 14:11 Any more info on this one? Is she as cute as the pics, donation, etc? Tia.I guess I should clear things up, I didn't get to meet with Bella, we exchanged texts but that's about it. I did see where someone recently posted about her in another section of the forum and seemed like a positive review. Jeepster1 01-20-15, 18:51 Had the distinct pleasure of dreaming of the lovely Ms Taylor Long today. Very easy to setup, and accomadating of my schedule. Not the greatest in call location, but I believe she's moving soon. Definitely sounds like she is relocating to TN. God I hope so. Agreed upon a time. I arrived at the location and she greeted me at the door in that strappy / banded outfit, no panties underneath. First impression, Wow. Amazing body on her, with legs for days! Probably 5 ft 10 maybe taller. Beautiful face to compliment that spectacular body. Didn't waste much time getting to the bed. LFK, DFK, and she's a great kisser to boot. Unwrapped the present that was the sexy body of hers. Some time enjoying that long, slender body. DATY which she seemed very appreciative of. Very vocal which I love. She insisted on returning the favor, and I was not in any position to refuse. Great BBBJ skills. Nearly devouring mr happy, and I'm not a small guy. Very wet, with ALOT of enthusiasm. More DATY, followed by 69, and then she begged me to be inside of her. Tight little kitty and very wet at this point. Mish for as long as I could take it. Between her being vocal, and just completely sensual, I wasn't going to last long. Got her there again in mish, before finishing. Cleaned up and laid on the bed naked, taking in that stunning body of hers. A little mutual massage. In short time, she was working mr happy up again with her amazing oral skills. With mr happy at full attention, she mounted me cowgirl. Looking up at that stunning body rocking hard on top of me was insane. The way her face and chest was flushed I could tell she really enjoyed it too. Very enthusiastic. She transitioned to ACG and was bouncing so hard on me I thought we were going to break the bed. After she had all she could take on top, I flipped her over. Instead if going back to mish though, I flipped her over. What a view from behind! Entered her lazy dog, and she loved it. She leaned her head back and I grabbed a handful of that long blond hair, Gave it to her in that position till she was begging for mercy. Literally tapped her out. Didn't get my 2nd shot, but had an amazing hour none the less. Everything I could ask for and more. Enthusiastic and passionate girl for sure! Look forward to seeing her again.Great report! would love to see Taylor Long in the strappy dress and tall heels! What are her current rates, please? -Jeepster1. Spicy Dreams 01-20-15, 19:05 Had the distinct pleasure of dreaming of the lovely Ms Taylor Long today. Very easy to setup, and accomadating of my schedule. Not the greatest in call location, but I believe she's moving soon. Definitely sounds like she is relocating to TN. God I hope so. Agreed upon a time. I arrived at the location and she greeted me at the door in that strappy / banded outfit, no panties underneath. First impression, Wow. Amazing body on her, with legs for days! Probably 5 ft 10 maybe taller. Beautiful face to compliment that spectacular body. Didn't waste much time getting to the bed. LFK, DFK, and she's a great kisser to boot. Unwrapped the present that was the sexy body of hers. Some time enjoying that long, slender body. DATY which she seemed very appreciative of. Very vocal which I love. She insisted on returning the favor, and I was not in any position to refuse. Great BBBJ skills. Nearly devouring mr happy, and I'm not a small guy. Very wet, with ALOT of enthusiasm. More DATY, followed by 69, and then she begged me to be inside of her. Tight little kitty and very wet at this point. Mish for as long as I could take it. Between her being vocal, and just completely sensual, I wasn't going to last long. Got her there again in mish, before finishing. Cleaned up and laid on the bed naked, taking in that stunning body of hers. A little mutual massage. In short time, she was working mr happy up again with her amazing oral skills. With mr happy at full attention, she mounted me cowgirl. Looking up at that stunning body rocking hard on top of me was insane. The way her face and chest was flushed I could tell she really enjoyed it too. Very enthusiastic. She transitioned to ACG and was bouncing so hard on me I thought we were going to break the bed. After she had all she could take on top, I flipped her over. Instead if going back to mish though, I flipped her over. What a view from behind! Entered her lazy dog, and she loved it. She leaned her head back and I grabbed a handful of that long blond hair, Gave it to her in that position till she was begging for mercy. Literally tapped her out. Didn't get my 2nd shot, but had an amazing hour none the less. Everything I could ask for and more. Enthusiastic and passionate girl for sure! Look forward to seeing her again.How could I have overlooked this report before? That sounds hot as hell!! I love a beautiful girl who is TRULY orgasmic, or multi-orgasmic, and who is as eager for oral both ways as a teenager about to ride a rollercoaster! Tenderfoot 01-20-15, 19:23 Excuse my ignorance, but out of all these nice reports on her, none say how or where to contact. BP? SBL? She sounds like my 'cup of meat'. Can someone clue me in. SoiCowboy100 01-20-15, 19:36 I am a big fan of SBL because the prices are reasonable, the girls are pretty and the atmosphere is very very comfortable. I do not like going to hotels. Also, I am a major fan of Jessica Rockefeller!! Last night Candace called me and and told me she has a new girl starting today and would I like to be the first to be with her. How could I say no! Well, I had a 2 hour dream with Kelly today and not only was I the first to try her at SBL, I was her first in this business! And, what a first it was!! Kelly is very cute and slim and has a perfectly proportioned body. She never had kids and has the flattest stomach I have ever seen. While she is thin her body is so nice as is her personality. I don't like to post the down and dirty stuff because we are dealing with women here, not pieces of meat. But, I would say she can take more DATY then just about anyone I have met and has more energy than the energizer bunny. I could not keep up. She seemed to really enjoy the experience because she exploded in my mouth 2 times in succession. She has the cutest little flower between her legs that just begs to be eaten and penetrated and she is very skilled in pleasing a man! I had a great time and for sure will repeat! For a first time meeting it was pretty incredible. Highly recommended. Jeepster1 01-20-15, 20:19 Excuse my ignorance, but out of all these nice reports on her, none say how or where to contact. BP? SBL? She sounds like my 'cup of meat'. Can someone clue me in.Posted here yesterday: http://www.USASexGuide.info/forum/showthread.php?5999-Escort-Classified-Ads-Member-Discussion&p=2337703&viewfull=1#post2337703 -Jeepster1. AbcuGay 01-22-15, 11:24 Did you happen to notice if it was Rose's phone number on the ads? I'm asking because I've seen the exact same ad posted using pictures from at least 3 different BP advertisers. So I am unsure who the actual poster might be. -Jeepster1.I don't know what to think about her LOL So is she a good provider to see? I know her account has multiple ads. Zallab 01-22-15, 17:53 Gentlemen, had the pleasure of visiting Kelly today. She is just as her photo's appears. Kelly was determined to make her mouth and kitty deepthroat my entire boner (very hard task for most women). Very energetic and playful in a sensual way. Could only stay for. 5 hr and we did everything under the sun within that time period. No complaints as usual when visiting SBL. Hope she stays as a regular. Sweet River 01-22-15, 19:55 I don't know what to think about her LOL So is she a good provider to see? I know her account has multiple ads.I had a great experience with her last Saturday and I am going to repeat when I am back around or have an itching for some scratch. Her ads are funny in tone, because she is a fun girl with a great sense of humor. Kick ass personality. Her body is also pretty damn toned and only getting tighter, since she seems to have had a new commitment to working out. Now that you have put her on my mind I think I am going to give that lady a call right now. Mike1701 01-22-15, 21:30 I am a big fan of SBL because the prices are reasonable, the girls are pretty and the atmosphere is very very comfortable. I do not like going to hotels. Also, I am a major fan of Jessica Rockefeller!! Last night Candace called me and and told me she has a new girl starting today and would I like to be the first to be with her. How could I say no! Well, I had a 2 hour dream with Kelly today and not only was I the first to try her at SBL, I was her first in this business! And, what a first it was!! Kelly is very cute and slim and has a perfectly proportioned body. She never had kids and has the flattest stomach I have ever seen. While she is thin her body is so nice as is her personality. I don't like to post the down and dirty stuff because we are dealing with women here, not pieces of meat. But, I would say she can take more DATY then just about anyone I have met and has more energy than the energizer bunny. I could not keep up. She seemed to really enjoy the experience because she exploded in my mouth 2 times in succession. She has the cutest little flower between her legs that just begs to be eaten and penetrated and she is very skilled in pleasing a man! I had a great time and for sure will repeat! For a first time meeting it was pretty incredible. Highly recommended.Sounds like you had a great time. She must be a keeper. Tits Mcfloppin 01-23-15, 02:15 I finaly got my turn to TOFTT with MS TAYLOR LONG just like other dudes done. She is more then prety and is better looking then all the hookers I ever seen at OPRY VOOSE! She gots the coolest additude to and can suck a meen dick! And she is just SO prety just like her pics that I just say OH WOW! She done BBBJ more times then I can count and even DT my boner! We also done MISH CG DATY suck the tits LFK DFK lots of BLS and RCG. There was 1 of the times after a BBBJ she got the ruber to put on my boner and I said OH NO! I must do DATY 1st! So I ate her pussy good and I can't get enough! THEN we was doing IT good! She likes to please and this is 1 of THE BEST times I ever had in the hole hobby! She don't just do IT good but she can do IT GREAT! This week in doing IT is like POONTANGPALOOZA for me with all the talant in town for doing IT good! MS TAYLOR LONG wins a TITS BONER AWARD and she is made it to the DON'T MISS TITS LIST! Sweet River 01-23-15, 06:04 I finaly got my turn to TOFTT with MS TAYLOR LONG just like other dudes done. She is more then prety and is better looking then all the hookers I ever seen at OPRY VOOSE! She gots the coolest additude to and can suck a meen dick! And she is just SO prety just like her pics that I just say OH WOW! She done BBBJ more times then I can count and even DT my boner! We also done MISH CG DATY suck the tits LFK DFK lots of BLS and RCG. There was 1 of the times after a BBBJ she got the ruber to put on my boner and I said OH NO! I must do DATY 1st! So I ate her pussy good and I can't get enough! THEN we was doing IT good! She likes to please and this is 1 of THE BEST times I ever had in the hole hobby! She don't just do IT good but she can do IT GREAT! This week in doing IT is like POONTANGPALOOZA for me with all the talant in town for doing IT good! MS TAYLOR LONG wins a TITS BONER AWARD and she is made it to the DON'T MISS TITS LIST!I had my tank drained by Ms. Hearts bubble butt just last weekend and I am right now patiently waiting to get my turn with Taylor Long and for her skills to thrill me. But I want to ask you Tits. Which one would you repeat with first? Memdal 01-23-15, 10:55 I am a big fan of SBL because the prices are reasonable, the girls are pretty and the atmosphere is very very comfortable. I do not like going to hotels. Also, I am a major fan of Jessica Rockefeller!! Last night Candace called me and and told me she has a new girl starting today and would I like to be the first to be with her. How could I say no! Well, I had a 2 hour dream with Kelly today and not only was I the first to try her at SBL, I was her first in this business! And, what a first it was!! Kelly is very cute and slim and has a perfectly proportioned body. She never had kids and has the flattest stomach I have ever seen. While she is thin her body is so nice as is her personality. I don't like to post the down and dirty stuff because we are dealing with women here, not pieces of meat. But, I would say she can take more DATY then just about anyone I have met and has more energy than the energizer bunny. I could not keep up. She seemed to really enjoy the experience because she exploded in my mouth 2 times in succession. She has the cutest little flower between her legs that just begs to be eaten and penetrated and she is very skilled in pleasing a man! I had a great time and for sure will repeat! For a first time meeting it was pretty incredible. Highly recommended.I am officially as jealous as a man can be. First time girl, eager to perform and I just looked at her photos on the SBL site and she is cute as can be. The only SBL girl I have seen is Jessica and she is great. Wich they would all go on a tour down to Memphis. DongleJohn 01-23-15, 15:11 I had my tank drained by Ms. Hearts bubble butt just last weekend and I am right now patiently waiting to get my turn with Taylor Long and for her skills to thrill me. But I want to ask you Tits. Which one would you repeat with first?Yes Tits. . inquiring minds want to know. Angustn 01-23-15, 16:42 I am officially as jealous as a man can be. First time girl, eager to perform and I just looked at her photos on the SBL site and she is cute as can be. The only SBL girl I have seen is Jessica and she is great. Wich they would all go on a tour down to Memphis.SBL is a good operation. I would like to try Kelly as well. She was not there as Chanel was the newest last time I was there. Tits Mcfloppin 01-23-15, 20:03 I had my tank drained by Ms. Hearts bubble butt just last weekend and I am right now patiently waiting to get my turn with Taylor Long and for her skills to thrill me. But I want to ask you Tits. Which one would you repeat with first?Bro here is the problem ok. I already seen JENNY 2 times before the 1st time I seen TAYLOR. If I only seen them both 1 time then maybe its more fare to ask. BUT this is how I will say to you about both. Here is the BIG THING! If your looking for more PSE then see JENNY and if your looking for more GFE then go see TAYLOR. Maybe this helps to! TAYLOR kisses more then JENNY who don't kiss much at all. JENNY will do the greek but sex and TAYLOR don't. JENNY gots tatoos and Taylor don't. TAYLOR gots biger tits then JENNY but both there tits is perky. TAYLOR is very tall and JENNY is shorter than most dudes. BOTH are thin and both give great BBBJ CIM and BLS. BOTH spit cum insted of drink it. BOTH can give a HONKEYTONK BLOWJOB. BOTH there pussys is good eatin for DATY. BOTH can do IT good! BOTH will make you cum buckets! If you want to be BALL LICKIN GOOD my avice is get your balls togather and shave them or they maybe don't do the BLS sense they don't need to floss. And I just got a BBBJ today where I got told how my boner and balls is April fresh and that is because I wash them good. My secret is I hold my balls in my hand and then smell my hand to see if the smell is good or needs work! That is just RESPECT so wash your balls good! Stixxer 01-24-15, 16:23 Yep, you got to wash the balls real good! Imagine if you were. No, don't imagine that. Just make sure they are clean and fresh. April fresh, that's good. I don't know if it helps but maybe a little bit of mild moisturizer as well. Non greasy and it soaks in and keeps them smelling good not sweaty. BlackHawk101 01-24-15, 22:31 Ok I've been out of the loop so I missed the contact links for ms Taylor! Where csn I find her pics and link! Yes Jenny with that petite body and bubble ass is a very special treat! I have only asked for Greek 2 x in all my years!! I didn't ask Jenny! She said she loved it and I aim to please! It was something I will never forget or probably ever see a woman that talented again! Bless her bubble shaped ass! Notdylan 01-24-15, 22:44 Ok I've been out of the loop so I missed the contact links for ms Taylor! Where csn I find her pics and link! Yes Jenny with that petite body and bubble ass is a very special treat! I have only asked for Greek 2 x in all my years!! I didn't ask Jenny! She said she loved it and I aim to please! It was something I will never forget or probably ever see a woman that talented again! Bless her bubble shaped ass!http://eccie.net/showthread.php?t=1278689 TheNcGuy73 01-26-15, 01:49 http://eccie.net/showthread.php?t=1278689Taylor looks amazing what are her rates and does anyone have a link for Jenny. Whiskey13 01-26-15, 15:07 Gentlemen, I just had an amazing morning with this Girl: https://www.preferred411.com/P74447 She's cute, thick, curvy and fun to be around. BBBJ, DATY (YMMV) were some of the activities. She's not quite a BBW and has firm DD breasts which I thoroughly enjoyed. She will be back in town in two weeks. If thick girls with huge breasts are what you're into I highly recommend. I apologize for the double post, I posted originally in the wrong section. BlackHawk101 01-26-15, 16:07 Besides my x who takes a lickin and keeps on kickin for an ole Gassion grudge fuck? MtnMan55 01-26-15, 16:54 Taylor looks amazing what are her rates and does anyone have a link for Jenny.Taylor is building quite a reputation. I'd like more info as well. Thanks. Hammerman010 01-27-15, 16:52 I finaly got my turn to TOFTT with MS TAYLOR LONG just like other dudes done. She is more then prety and is better looking then all the hookers I ever seen at OPRY VOOSE! She gots the coolest additude to and can suck a meen dick! And she is just SO prety just like her pics that I just say OH WOW! She done BBBJ more times then I can count and even DT my boner! We also done MISH CG DATY suck the tits LFK DFK lots of BLS and RCG. There was 1 of the times after a BBBJ she got the ruber to put on my boner and I said OH NO! I must do DATY 1st! So I ate her pussy good and I can't get enough! THEN we was doing IT good! She likes to please and this is 1 of THE BEST times I ever had in the hole hobby! She don't just do IT good but she can do IT GREAT! This week in doing IT is like POONTANGPALOOZA for me with all the talant in town for doing IT good! MS TAYLOR LONG wins a TITS BONER AWARD and she is made it to the DON'T MISS TITS LIST!I have seen Taylor many times when I was doing a project in Little Rock about this time last year when she was brunette. Everything Tits says is true I agree completely and her attitude is a real turn on. She was eager to help me with a bucket list item, I wanted to do it standing up with her against the wall like I've seen in the movies. She made it quite enjoyable. I highly recommend! TravelDoc99 01-28-15, 19:55 I had the pleasure of spending an hour with Bree yesterday. She and her friend Marley traveled from the coast of SC. Contacted through P411 to set the date. Bree is one hot lady! Bree and Marley can also be seen together. I have not met Marley, but have heard good things. There time in the Music City ends tomorrow. Hurry! MajorJohn69 01-28-15, 20:02 I have seen Taylor many times when I was doing a project in Little Rock about this time last year when she was brunette. Everything Tits says is true I agree completely and her attitude is a real turn on. She was eager to help me with a bucket list item, I wanted to do it standing up with her against the wall like I've seen in the movies. She made it quite enjoyable. I highly recommend!Yep! Whew! Just had a visit. This chic is the REAL DEAL! Angustn 01-29-15, 00:38 I have seen Taylor many times when I was doing a project in Little Rock about this time last year when she was brunette. Everything Tits says is true I agree completely and her attitude is a real turn on. She was eager to help me with a bucket list item, I wanted to do it standing up with her against the wall like I've seen in the movies. She made it quite enjoyable. I highly recommend!Taylor is hard to contact. I have emailed and called several times but no answer. BlackHawk101 02-02-15, 17:12 Just letting you guys know the mature Masseuse of pleasure April will be having a incall Friday! Just make sure you can afford her! Sounds like some guys have been tring to low ball her! She is great to talk to and is very professional and one of my favs in Nashville! Treat her in a professional manner snd you will feel like she is put you in paradise! I am available for In Call or Out Call appointments. I offer all types of massage! I am a beautiful Cherokee/Irish woman. (Small frame, 5'4, 125lbs, long dark hair and dark brown eyes). I will happily come to you. I can be reached via phone or text at 615-596-7470. Full body rubs available Call to schedule your appt now In and Out Calls (discrete) Rates start at $100 plus gratuity and that is very important! I am the lady in the photograph! You will not be disappointed! BlackHawk101 02-03-15, 13:15 Just letting you guys know the mature Masseuse of pleasure April will be having a incall Friday! Just make sure you can afford her! Sounds like some guys have been tring to low ball her! She is great to talk to and is very professional and one of my favs in Nashville! Treat her in a professional manner snd you will feel like she is put you in paradise! I am available for In Call or Out Call appointments. I offer all types of massage! I am a beautiful Cherokee/Irish woman. (Small frame, 5'4, 125lbs, long dark hair and dark brown eyes). I will happily come to you. I can be reached via phone or text at 615-596-7470. Full body rubs available Call to schedule your appt now In and Out Calls (discrete) Rates start at $100 plus gratuity and that is very important! I am the lady in the photograph! You will not be disappointed!She very seldom had a hotel incall! Get it while you can! SteelTony36 02-03-15, 16:50 Had another visit with the lovely Taylor long last Thursday. All I can say is wow, even better the 2nd time around. Very enthusiastic girl! Guys, if you haven't seen her, you are missing out. MasonDixon9 02-04-15, 19:30 She very seldom had a hotel incall! Get it while you can!What is she down for and how were the rates? Seen her ads for a long time and after reading your posts thinking of trying her. For some reason, it's easier to ask on here than get a clear answer from the ladies themselves. Comatn 02-04-15, 23:33 Had a chance to see Jenny for the first time. A little jittery for my taste, I prefer the GFE. But amazing skills and a committed desire to please. Highly recommended. Comatn 02-04-15, 23:39 Had a chance to experience the April effect. Totally blew my mind. Sexy MILF with incredible body and mind. This is a keeper. Highest recommedation. Angustn 02-05-15, 02:18 Coma, looks like you have stolen the playbook from BlackHawk101. You are a busy guy. I think I am jealous. Had a chance to experience the April effect. Totally blew my mind. Sexy MILF with incredible body and mind. This is a keeper. Highest recommedation. BlackHawk101 02-05-15, 18:02 Guys if your not able to contact April it's because she's dealing with some serious family issues! Not sure what her availability is going to be in the near future! I hope her issues get cleared up! She is a wonderful provider! Angustn 02-05-15, 19:22 Finally had the chance to meet up with Taylor Long. Great visit and she was all that was hyped. Took lots of effort but she said her phone had some problems. Very nice Time! BlackHawk101 02-06-15, 14:32 Had a chance to experience the April effect. Totally blew my mind. Sexy MILF with incredible body and mind. This is a keeper. Highest recommedation.I like this review! It hits all the main points! Keeper, MILF, hot body and highest recommendation! When she gets past her present family issue and if she decides to get back in the hobby it will give us one lady who does it all with passion! She is not everyone's cup of tea because none of them are! You. If you like her support her if not move on! BlackHawk101 02-06-15, 14:57 I like this review! It hits all the main points! Keeper, MILF, hot body and highest recommendation! When she gets past her present family issue and if she decides to get back in the hobby it will give us one lady who does it all with passion! She is not everyone's cup of tea because none of them are! You. If you like her support her if not move on!Well I just got a message she is still planning a incall tonight at a high end hotel on the north side of the area! I will now see if I can rework my schedule! Crap LOL. Spicy Dreams 02-06-15, 15:16 I just heard from Ashlyn, and she is hosting in the Cool Springs area. She said things have been pretty quiet since she got there so she's not sure how many days she'll stay. I can tell you guys this: Although she likes to be semi-UTR, her good reputation amongst seniors in the Chattanooga area precedes her. From my own experience she is not a clock watcher, she kisses, is laid back and open, gets into the session, and she brings zero drama. The pics of her are accurate (I took three of them). Although she doesn't want her face shown publicly, it is gorgeous. She has a slightly exotic white girl look with beautiful cat-like eyes. Those of you who are into pretty GFE spinners do not want to miss her. Any seniors or otherwise trusted members can PM me for her number. A few other seniors here have vouched for her, too. LexintonLuther 02-06-15, 16:40 I just heard from Ashlyn, and she is hosting in the Cool Springs area. She said things have been pretty quiet since she got there so she's not sure how many days she'll stay. I can tell you guys this: Although she likes to be semi-UTR, her good reputation amongst seniors in the Chattanooga area precedes her. From my own experience she is not a clock watcher, she kisses, is laid back and open, gets into the session, and she brings zero drama. The pics of her are accurate (I took three of them). Although she doesn't want her face shown publicly, it is gorgeous. She has a slightly exotic white girl look with beautiful cat-like eyes. Those of you who are into pretty GFE spinners do not want to miss her. Any seniors or otherwise trusted members can PM me for her number. A few other seniors here have vouched for her, too.Now that's a hot looking little spinner. The lip shots are hot! Lex. PythonBoy 02-06-15, 19:06 Guys, I like to stay pretty off record with my adventures, but you'd be a damn fool to miss out on Ashlyn while she's in town. Amazing experience. Incredibly sweet and talented young lady. First class spinner. Feel free to PM for more details. We need to show her that we take care of our ladies or Nashville may fall off her radar for future visits. Trust me. You will not be disappointed. To quote Tits, she does IT good. PB. Cullen 02-06-15, 19:19 To quote Tits, she does IT good.I'd even go so far as to say "she does it better". And no offense Spicey, those pics are awesome and still don't do her justice. She is DROP DEAD gorgeous. Tits Mcfloppin 02-06-15, 20:38 Guys, To quote Tits, she does IT good. PB. I'd even go so far as to say "she does it better". She is DROP DEAD gorgeous.She don't just do IT good she can do IT GREAT! Most poplar UTR and def 1 of my fucking favorit UTRs there is. Wish my fucking skedule and pay pers was in line to see her NOW! Spicy Dreams 02-06-15, 21:27 I'd even go so far as to say "she does it better". And no offense Spicey, those pics are awesome and still don't do her justice. She is DROP DEAD gorgeous.I like all pics of her, no matter where they come from! But those aren't even close to the best ones I have of her, they're just the ones I am allowed to post, haha. Like I tell everyone, as hot as her spinner bod is, her face (especially eyes) is her best feature. AxelR 02-06-15, 21:29 I'd even go so far as to say "she does it better". And no offense Spicey, those pics are awesome and still don't do her justice. She is DROP DEAD gorgeous.Met Ashlyn. She nice. She pretty. Make me hard. Put it in her pretty face. Me like. Zallab 02-07-15, 00:14 Keep in mind that she only does CBJ, but it is very satisfying and you will not leave disappointed with the rest of your time with her. Two Nutts 02-07-15, 00:43 If you like her support her if not move on!Just wondering what ya guys are paying this flavor of the week? We were set to hook up when I asked if 2 franklins would cover everything, she said not after 9 pm which it would have been. Two Nutts 02-07-15, 09:30 Thanks fot the pms fellas. But her ad says 150 now. Plus tips. When she was on my radar the said $ that why I asked what I asked no discussion of services. I think sombody in your sandbox is over paying and she's running with it. She may be all that and a box of cookies but my limit is 2. Cullen 02-07-15, 10:33 Since there's been some discussion about pornstars lately, I thought I should mention that there's a listing on P411 for "Jewel Venture". She'll be in Nashville in a couple of weeks. It's doesn't take a lot of complicated math to take that name and figure out who she is. It doesn't take any math at all if you look her profile. She's one of my ATFs, so I'll be seeing her for sure. Nashvegasmusic 02-07-15, 12:28 I like all pics of her, no matter where they come from! But those aren't even close to the best ones I have of her, they're just the ones I am allowed to post, haha. Like I tell everyone, as hot as her spinner bod is, her face (especially eyes) is her best feature.Agreed about Ashlyn. She's a beautiful girl. Thanks for the tip. We had a nice time together last night. BeThereTonight 02-07-15, 12:30 Hey man. I really like to have Ashlyn's contact info. I get so horny seeing her pic. Please help a brother. Thanks. Guys, I like to stay pretty off record with my adventures, but you'd be a damn fool to miss out on Ashlyn while she's in town. Amazing experience. Incredibly sweet and talented young lady. First class spinner. Feel free to PM for more details. We need to show her that we take care of our ladies or Nashville may fall off her radar for future visits. Trust me. You will not be disappointed. To quote Tits, she does IT good. PB. Angustn 02-07-15, 18:26 Does anyone have any intel on Lenashimmers listed on NR? I had a pm that gave thumbs up but was over a year old. Said she was getting back in the hobby. Any info appreciated. PM will be fine. Thanks, Chiatrimmer 02-07-15, 18:55 I'll agree with the other reviews of Ashlyn. She's a little doll. She has a unique look, with dark hair, fair skin and almond shaped, light hazel eyes. Beautiful lips, too. She looks like the cheerleader you could never date. If you're ok with everything covered, you'll enjoy your time with her. Two Nutts 02-07-15, 19:52 The hot asian from Cali. Anybody pull the trigger? 120 half 200 full. Thinking of giving it a go tonite. IAmSix15 02-07-15, 20:17 The hot asian from Cali. Anybody pull the trigger? 120 half 200 full. Thinking of giving it a go tonite.Same three photos are on multiple ads with multiple numbers. Good luck if she turns out to be real. http://escortphonesearch.com/424-285-4165/ http://eroticmugshots.com/maui-escorts/925-315-7679/?pid=5084268 http://myscarletbook.com/san%20jose/920-374-1769/ http://916-215-2114.escortphonelist.com/last-day-vietnamese-hottie-1915344.html VanillaStick 02-07-15, 20:35 The hot asian from Cali. Anybody pull the trigger? 120 half 200 full. Thinking of giving it a go tonite.I also have an Asian weakness, I would love to know the outcome if you pull the trigger, PM is fine. Thanks. VS. Two Nutts 02-08-15, 10:10 I also have an Asian weakness, I would love to know the outcome if you pull the trigger, PM is fine. BIG SURPRISE, NOT THE GIRL IN THE PICTURE!! I asked when I called and she said it was her. Anyway she was black, lite skined, had her eye makup to look like an asian but not convincing enough. We got naked and she did a ok CBJ, after I came she jumped off the bed and said I can go clean up in the bathroom and to flush that in the toilet. (don't ya luv it when they talk sexie) She had a little belly with strech marks and saggy boobs, TATOOS EVERYWHERE!! Shaved pussy that I wasnt touching, Left a franklin and boom out the door. Hope this helps anyone, she's leaving today but come to Nashville often. HossCartwright 02-08-15, 11:23 With the demise of that site, numerous fakes are able to steel photos pretty easily. I'd not seen (sessioned) with the real KIM, but met at a gathering in Sacramento, CA at one point. The real provider has long retired from this game some time ago. Like most here, I sent a text when someone pointed out the ad, I asked the "new" Kim a few challenge questions, which she failed horribly. As a side note: if you see pictures that bear the RB logo, simply ask what her prior handle is. If she's legit, the answer will come quick. If she stops texting or "doen't remember" move on to the next. The hot asian from Cali. Anybody pull the trigger? 120 half 200 full. Thinking of giving it a go tonite. VanillaStick 02-08-15, 12:32 BIG SURPRISE, NOT THE GIRL IN THE PICTURE!! I asked when I called and she said it was her. Anyway she was black, lite skined, had her eye makup to look like an asian but not convincing enough. We got naked and she did a ok CBJ, after I came she jumped off the bed and said I can go clean up in the bathroom and to flush that in the toilet. (don't ya luv it when they talk sexie) She had a little belly with strech marks and saggy boobs, TATOOS EVERYWHERE!! Shaved pussy that I wasnt touching, Left a franklin and boom out the door. Hope this helps anyone, she's leaving today but come to Nashville often.Thanks for the info and TOFTT, I remember a black girl advertising as an Asian in the past. She was also heavy, but she used an Atlanta area number. Probably the same one though. Rebelest 02-08-15, 14:17 BIG SURPRISE, NOT THE GIRL IN THE PICTURE!! I asked when I called and she said it was her. Anyway she was black, lite skined, had her eye makup to look like an asian but not convincing enough. We got naked and she did a ok CBJ, after I came she jumped off the bed and said I can go clean up in the bathroom and to flush that in the toilet. (don't ya luv it when they talk sexie) She had a little belly with strech marks and saggy boobs, TATOOS EVERYWHERE!! Shaved pussy that I wasnt touching, Left a franklin and boom out the door. Hope this helps anyone, she's leaving today but come to Nashville often.As long as providers are rewarded for posting fake pix and then lying about it when asked, they will continue to do it. You knew the second that she opened the door that she wasn't the gal depicted and the way you describe her she sounds downright nasty but you stayed and got just the kind of service that you could expect from a lying fraud. Thanks for alerting the rest of us about her scam. . . Hopefully, she will leave and never come back. Better luck next time! BlackHawk101 02-08-15, 18:52 I'll agree with the other reviews of Ashlyn. She's a little doll. She has a unique look, with dark hair, fair skin and almond shaped, light hazel eyes. Beautiful lips, too. She looks like the cheerleader you could never date. If you're ok with everything covered, you'll enjoy your time with her.None of this is directed toward Chiatrimmer! Like Chia I've been around in the hobby! Whoever was invoked with the dirty deeds with Jenny Hart should find better things to do in the hobby! Guys do not get caught up in these providerers games! I think hurts the entire hobby here in NashVegas! Who ever went out their way to chase Jenny away has hurt our hobby here! Who ever is trying to trash my naw in the hobby! I hope it doesn't turn on you like it has others in the past! Also hobbiest- I really don't understand why some of you have to ask a ton of questions about other hobbiest! I only know of one hobbiest who did that and it turned bad for him! It's not that hard to put the dots together! Mike1701 02-08-15, 21:36 None of this is directed toward Chiatrimmer! Like Chia I've been around in the hobby! Whoever was invoked with the dirty deeds with Jenny Hart should find better things to do in the hobby! Guys do not get caught up in these providerers games! I think hurts the entire hobby here in NashVegas! Who ever went out their way to chase Jenny away has hurt our hobby here! Who ever is trying to trash my naw in the hobby! I hope it doesn't turn on you like it has others in the past! Also hobbiest- I really don't understand why some of you have to ask a ton of questions about other hobbiest! I only know of one hobbiest who did that and it turned bad for him! It's not that hard to put the dots together!BH, it will be a while for she comes back. She got pissed really bad. Two Nutts 02-08-15, 21:57 As long as providers are rewarded for posting fake pix and then lying about it when asked, they will continue to do it. You knew the second that she opened the door that she wasn't the gal depicted and the way you describe her she sounds downright nasty but you stayed and got just the kind of service that you could expect from a lying fraud. Thanks for alerting the rest of us about her scam. . . Hopefully, she will leave and never come back. Better luck next time!Evidently she is a regular in Nashville, flys here once a month for a weekend full of sex. Don't blast me cause the little head made the decision midnight he usually does at that hr. I could have just kept it to myself and not set myself up for darts thrown my way. I thought I throw a little info out there for when she does return. I'm glad all your hobby experiences have been perfect. But I really dont think your doing much hobbing. Most all your posts are critiques and then sometype of grading system that you think sombody other that yourself wants to read. Your the one that needs to leave and never come back, you contribute nothing to this board RustyKuntz 02-08-15, 22:23 TwoNutts, I may be wrong but I don't think Rebel was blasting you specifically for seeing the provider. I think he was speaking more or less in general to anyone who goes ahead and sees a provider even though she is not the girl in the pics and also lied. I'm sure if she was hot and the service was great, then the tune may be different. Most of us will gladly see a provider who is hot and gives great service even if she is not the girl in the pics. However, its quite the opposite if the service was less than desirable. Not long I posted something similar to what Rebel posted and the fellow monger took offense to it. I can't remember the exact words he used in his report but I was a bit surprised considering she was not the girl in the pics, the service sucked, and then he stated he may go back in hopes of better service next time. That I could not understand and I told him to rethink it because he would be rewarding someone who not only posts fake pics but also gives bad service. Anyway, not sure if that makes sense but that is my POV, thanks anyway for TOFTT. Evidently she is a regular in Nashville, flys here once a month for a weekend full of sex. Don't blast me cause the little head made the decision midnight he usually does at that hr. I could have just kept it to myself and not set myself up for darts thrown my way. I thought I throw a little info out there for when she does return. I'm glad all your hobby experiences have been perfect. Stixxer 02-08-15, 23:03 Evidently she is a regular in Nashville, flys here once a month for a weekend full of sex. Don't blast me cause the little head made the decision midnight he usually does at that hr. I could have just kept it to myself and not set myself up for darts thrown my way. I thought I throw a little info out there for when she does return. I'm glad all your hobby experiences have been perfect. But I really dont think your doing much hobbing. Most all your posts are critiques and then sometype of grading system that you think sombody other that yourself wants to read. Your the one that needs to leave and never come back, you contribute nothing to this boardI think Rebel's post was meant in good faith towards not promoting the kind of behavior that that girl did that dissappointed you so badly. I have been caught up in a situation similar, fortunately I got out with just a "thanks for meeting me as agreed upon, let's leave on good terms" sort of donation to the girl who was absolutely not the girl in the pics in the ad. So it is the bait and switch and you know not to fall for her again and thanks to your report, people can see your post and not fall for her again. The problem is there are so many and sooner or later we are bound to have a bad experience. But I would take that kind of a bad experience, leave with the girl a little ticked off and a little disappointed myself, over a bad experience with a pimp or whatever else that could get really ugly really fast. RustyKuntz 02-08-15, 23:05 I didn't want to report what was going on behind the scenes after I spent some time with Jenny before she departed early Saturday morning. She did tell me what was going on but I myself didn't want to get caught up in it, plus it was all new to me at the time. She already has a lot going on and this pretty much did it for her. She texted me late last night and was thinking about taking time off, sadly. I am just glad I got to see her before she left. Whatever was said to stir things up, someone had ulterior motives. I advised her that she should not let what she can't control bother her, I know, easier said than done. I don't think she reads the forum much, other wise she would be more aware of the positive reviews she has. I tried to point that out to her, where the negative stuff is coming from? Who knows. I hope that my first post when I tried to meet her, did not add to this drama. I did start the post by saying it was not a negative review and I also gave her the benefit of the doubt. Hopefully she will change her mind and come to NashVegas sooner. BH, it will be a while for she comes back. She got pissed really bad. None of this is directed toward Chiatrimmer! Like Chia I've been around in the hobby! Whoever was invoked with the dirty deeds with Jenny Hart should find better things to do in the hobby! Guys do not get caught up in these providerers games! I think hurts the entire hobby here in NashVegas! Who ever went out their way to chase Jenny away has hurt our hobby here! Who ever is trying to trash my naw in the hobby! I hope it doesn't turn on you like it has others in the past! Also hobbiest- I really don't understand why some of you have to ask a ton of questions about other hobbiest! I only know of one hobbiest who did that and it turned bad for him! It's not that hard to put the dots together! Stixxer 02-09-15, 01:51 BH, it will be a while for she comes back. She got pissed really bad.So sad to hear that sweet Jenny had a bad experience in Nashville. I personally have not had the pleasure of meeting her. However we have messaged on here a couple times as she updated me when she was in town. Living out of town, I haven't had a chance to make my way over there but I was hoping to catch her on one of her visits. I certainly hope she can make it back. Not knowing what happened to cause Nashville experience to leave a bad taste in her mouth, I can't say anything other than I'm just sad to hear it happened. It sounds like (from discussion thus far) there was perhaps a client involved in this bad experience. If so, that isn't doing anyone any good. Nashville is blessed with many good providers, both local and visiting time to time. But clients stand to lose more when one is ran off than the escorts do. For better or worse, there are more guys looking for good providers than there are good, solid escorts. I suspect Jenny will be welcomed warmly where ever she chooses to go, as she was (for the most part) in Nashville. But if it was so bad she doesn't come back, then we all lose! Tits Mcfloppin 02-09-15, 05:08 None of this is directed toward Chiatrimmer! Like Chia I've been around in the hobby! Whoever was invoked with the dirty deeds with Jenny Hart should find better things to do in the hobby! Guys do not get caught up in these providerers games! I think hurts the entire hobby here in NashVegas! Who ever went out their way to chase Jenny away has hurt our hobby here! Who ever is trying to trash my naw in the hobby! I hope it doesn't turn on you like it has others in the past! Also hobbiest- I really don't understand why some of you have to ask a ton of questions about other hobbiest! I only know of one hobbiest who did that and it turned bad for him! It's not that hard to put the dots together!That's rite! Those is the rules of FUCK CLUB! NubinNash 02-09-15, 10:49 I agree that as a fellow Hobbie why the hell someone would be asking questions about others as frankly your supposed to enjoying each other not Jenkins off thinking of us. But that said. I am pissed cause I never got the chance and frankly she was raved about on here. I now worry that the other gorgeous spinner will have a close experience if this douche is running these girls off. I don't want to say her name as obviously I don't want her to leave but I will certainly let her know some ass hole is running around town. As frankly I want her here and prepared for anything beyond that as this is all about getting a quality and trusted provider in the oldest business in the world and that's it. I love all the info on here and some of you have been great to me in that way but I don't think while my cocks hard I'll be asking of you all. That's kinda odd. Go see a ts if you want some cock. Well just pissed when I woke to this info. Thank You for everyone except the damn ass hole who should be taking it in the ass. OJones 02-09-15, 12:48 I'll agree with the other reviews of Ashlyn. She's a little doll. She has a unique look, with dark hair, fair skin and almond shaped, light hazel eyes. Beautiful lips, too. She looks like the cheerleader you could never date. If you're ok with everything covered, you'll enjoy your time with her.I found this in Chatty. Same girl? OJones 02-09-15, 12:49 I'll agree with the other reviews of Ashlyn. She's a little doll. She has a unique look, with dark hair, fair skin and almond shaped, light hazel eyes. Beautiful lips, too. She looks like the cheerleader you could never date. If you're ok with everything covered, you'll enjoy your time with her.Dammit, I'm an idiot. Here's the link. Same Ashlyn you guys are talking about? http://chattanooga.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/the-girl-next-door-ashlyn/11019018 Apcchd 02-09-15, 16:18 I never saw Jenny, although we texted a little. She was so busy our schedules just wouldn't work. Could someone clue me in on what happened via PM? Thanks a bunch. I agree that as a fellow Hobbie why the hell someone would be asking questions about others as frankly your supposed to enjoying each other not Jenkins off thinking of us. But that said. I am pissed cause I never got the chance and frankly she was raved about on here. I now worry that the other gorgeous spinner will have a close experience if this douche is running these girls off. I don't want to say her name as obviously I don't want her to leave but I will certainly let her know some ass hole is running around town. As frankly I want her here and prepared for anything beyond that as this is all about getting a quality and trusted provider in the oldest business in the world and that's it. I love all the info on here and some of you have been great to me in that way but I don't think while my cocks hard I'll be asking of you all. That's kinda odd. Go see a ts if you want some cock. Well just pissed when I woke to this info. Thank You for everyone except the damn ass hole who should be taking it in the ass. HossCartwright 02-10-15, 22:59 Who I think it is? 365037 IslandGuy1999 02-11-15, 07:37 I never saw Jenny, although we texted a little. She was so busy our schedules just wouldn't work. Could someone clue me in on what happened via PM? Thanks a bunch.Talked to jenny last. She said she would be back in town today with another girl named Nicole, also from Chattanooga. Hl123 02-11-15, 11:26 I just had to add my opinion. OMG, she is so awesome. I have seen her twice which I don't do often. Is my current favorite. Highly recommended. IslandGuy1999 02-11-15, 16:03 Would one of you fellas who are on jada james regulars list please let us know if her "buy 3 get one free" is legit. Those type of deals in my experience have always been for newbies. I mean come on we're not talking about shoes here, but I think she at the very least a decent reputation. Neil200 02-11-15, 21:00 Not sure it is her, but I believe Verona had the "Beautiful Disaster" tattoo. She and Abbey Jones "Lethal Weapon" were friends for awhile. Had the pleasure of both. Who I think it is? 365037 WaywardWind 02-11-15, 21:04 Would one of you fellas who are on jada james regulars list please let us know if her "buy 3 get one free" is legit. Those type of deals in my experience have always been for newbies. I mean come on we're not talking about shoes here, but I think she at the very least a decent reputation.I don't know whether she will live up to the ad, but I do know from experience when she roams on out calls she comes in ready to go and ready to get out. I paid for an hour and got 40 minutes cause she had to be somewhere else and this was at 11 pm. I even brought it to her attention and she just said I got to go. She does the job, motion wise, looks alright, but it is strictly business from start to finish. Maybe it is different if she is having a slow night. But evidently she is trying to increase volume and that seems to indicate she is seeing more for less all over middle TN. A large area. I can't see this upping the quality. Jeepster1 02-11-15, 21:27 Not sure it is her, but I believe Verona had the "Beautiful Disaster" tattoo. She and Abbey Jones "Lethal Weapon" were friends for awhile. Had the pleasure of both.Verona's Date-Check listing is still online, and the tattoo style does not match her picture there. http://nashville.date-check.com/Ashow-escort-pub.asp?ProID=fa1956f -Jeepster1. Neil200 02-11-15, 21:40 Just recalled her tattoo. Verona's Date-Check listing is still online, and the tattoo style does not match her picture there. http://nashville.date-check.com/Ashow-escort-pub.asp?ProID=fa1956f -Jeepster1. Trek OCLV 02-11-15, 22:18 Just recalled her tattoo.I know I haven't seen all of the girls that have been through Nashvegas, and I have seen the lovely Verona so definitely not her. But several of the pics on the sugar daddy site have the classic stripper dressing room view. Perhaps you've seen her in one of the clubs. Stixxer 02-11-15, 22:26 Of course I can't say for sure, but I would expect if she is travelling around a good bit, then good luck getting to see her 3 x in the same month. And good luck catching her soon enough before the coupon "expires" so to speak. Would one of you fellas who are on jada james regulars list please let us know if her "buy 3 get one free" is legit. Those type of deals in my experience have always been for newbies. I mean come on we're not talking about shoes here, but I think she at the very least a decent reputation. Angustn 02-11-15, 23:27 I know I haven't seen all of the girls that have been through Nashvegas, and I have seen the lovely Verona so definitely not her. But several of the pics on the sugar daddy site have the classic stripper dressing room view. Perhaps you've seen her in one of the clubs.I don't think it was the veronica that was previously preg? At least I don't remember the tatoo either! Dmoney2432 02-12-15, 03:22 Did anyone else get to see this amazing woman while she was in Nashville this week? I saw her today and it was incredible. IAmSix15 02-12-15, 11:35 Did anyone else get to see this amazing woman while she was in Nashville this week? I saw her today and it was incredible.Does she have a website? Review page? Pic? How did you / do we find her? Thanks. Mike1701 02-12-15, 11:50 I don't think it was the veronica that was previously preg? At least I don't remember the tatoo either!Nope. Ms V, has a new life now. Proud of her. BlackHawk101 02-12-15, 12:40 Nope. Ms V, has a new life now. Proud of her.Those are her pics! I guess who ever is posting that might be a risk and members of date heck need to contact the site! RekadarDJ 02-12-15, 12:44 Hey guys. I'm pretty new here and looking for some help. I don't need a spectacular GFE or anything but would like to find a decent qv or hh somewhere near Franklin so that I could enjoy my lunch breaks from work. Any advice? You can pm me if that's easier. VanillaStick 02-12-15, 12:53 Did anyone else get to see this amazing woman while she was in Nashville this week? I saw her today and it was incredible.I would have love to have seen her but who the heck can afford those rates that were on her website. Did she lower her rate any? HossCartwright 02-12-15, 13:17 Odd that someone else got the same words in the same spot. I can't remember her face as I was "preoccupied" when we met. Possible old photo? Verona's Date-Check listing is still online, and the tattoo style does not match her picture there. http://nashville.date-check.com/Ashow-escort-pub.asp?ProID=fa1956f -Jeepster1. Jeepster1 02-12-15, 13:20 Those are her pics! I guess who ever is posting that might be a risk and members of date heck need to contact the site!That's Verona's authentic ad, it's just old as the hills. One of the flaws of Date-Check is that they intentionally keep old profiles posted forever, so they can claim that they have more listings than anyone else. They don't include a "last login" date stamp like P411, so you can't easily verify what's obsolete. I have heard that if a provider loses her login credentials she's pretty much powerless to take down old info. -Jeepster1. Cullen 02-12-15, 13:32 That's Verona's authentic ad, it's just old as the hills. One of the flaws of Date-Check is that they intentionally keep old profiles posted forever, so they can claim that they have more listings than anyone else. They don't include a "last login" date stamp like P411, so you can't easily verify what's obsolete. I have heard that if a provider loses her login credentials she's pretty much powerless to take down old info. -Jeepster1.Agreed. That's why I never paid for an account there. The profiles of "long gone" girls far outnumber the profiles of current ones. It's a waste of money. Plus the color scheme makes my eyes bleed. BlackHawk101 02-12-15, 15:05 Agreed. That's why I never paid for an account there. The profiles of "long gone" girls far outnumber the profiles of current ones. It's a waste of money. Plus the color scheme makes my eyes bleed.Good to know! I wish Ms V the best! I do miss her little ref headed friend! My AT! Just loved her eager to please and play! Cullen 02-12-15, 18:35 I would have love to have seen her but who the heck can afford those rates that were on her website. Did she lower her rate any?I didn't either, but she is hot though. http://gfycat.com/PrestigiousPossibleBlackwidowspider Taylor833 02-12-15, 22:57 Good to know! I wish Ms V the best! I do miss her little ref headed friend! My AT! Just loved her eager to please and play!Ooooo Blackhawk you had to mention veronas red headed friend oooooo the memories I have to agree I really miss her to she was a firecracker. Mike1701 02-13-15, 07:51 Verona's Date-Check listing is still online, and the tattoo style does not match her picture there. http://nashville.date-check.com/Ashow-escort-pub.asp?ProID=fa1956f -Jeepster1.That's her. I do remember tats and face. So what are you trying to say Hoss? Don't feel like playing games. BlackHawk101 02-13-15, 14:39 615.708. 4791 is the number Posh is using! She said she would be back not a spinner but a winner on the GFE skills! I'm glad she's back safe and sound! BlackHawk101 02-13-15, 18:49 615.708. 4791 is the number Posh is using! She said she would be back not a spinner but a winner on the GFE skills! I'm glad she's back safe and sound!Well she said also to let you fellows know she now had a extended menu and Greece is just one of her areas she tours now! HossCartwright 02-16-15, 16:49 So what are you trying to say Hoss? Don't feel like playing games.Not every post on here is nefarious, dastardly or underhanded. Often its just a post for information. Mike1701 02-16-15, 23:40 Not every post on here is nefarious, dastardly or underhanded. Often its just a post for information.Didn't say it was. You must have assumed. Member #4886 02-17-15, 07:56 Didn't say it was. You must have assumed.Yeah, man. When I was brand new, I was certainly guilty of making assumptions in this game, and BH called me on it, rightfully so. That ought to be another one of the rules of Fuck Club: Don't assume shit! HossCartwright 02-17-15, 15:38 [Deleted by Admin] EDITOR'S NOTE: This report was redacted or deleted to remove sections of the report that were largely argumentative. Please read the Forum FAQ and the Forum's Posting Guidelines for more information. Thank You! Tits Mcfloppin 02-17-15, 17:50 Verona's Date-Check listing is still online, and the tattoo style does not match her picture there. http://nashville.date-check.com/Ashow-escort-pub.asp?ProID=fa1956f -Jeepster1.Oh how VERONA use to do IT good BUT she aint a hooker no more. DC just is hard to get them pics off so there is alotta old stuf on there. She is in love with a dude who aint me and gots a reg job prolly not making neerly as much as she could as a hooker who can do IT good. But there is no more bona from verona sense she don't want to cheet on her dude. BlackHawk101 02-18-15, 17:17 We need a town coordinator for provider visits! It's either we have a bunch if great choices or nothing! I had to resort to my on hanger queen or pleasing my self! RustyKuntz 02-18-15, 21:42 Oh how VERONA use to do IT good BUT she aint a hooker no more. DC just is hard to get them pics off so there is alotta old stuf on there. She is in love with a dude who aint me and gots a reg job prolly not making neerly as much as she could as a hooker who can do IT good. But there is no more bona from verona sense she don't want to cheet on her dude.I regret not seeing the beautiful Verona when I had a chance, she looked like my type I was too stuck on a certain girl I was seeing that I never broke away to see her. Damn, I had no idea she stopped doing the hobby until recently. If by chance she returns, I will for sure go see her. AxelR 02-19-15, 12:14 We need a town coordinator for provider visits! It's either we have a bunch if great choices or nothing! I had to resort to my on hanger queen or pleasing my self!Completely agree! I wish a couple hotties would settle in here. FYI on one gem named Jewel is a mere sixteen hundred per visit. I passed. Rand1975 02-19-15, 21:13 Completely agree! I wish a couple hotties would settle in here. FYI on one gem named Jewel is a mere sixteen hundred per visit. I passed.Good to know I wasn't the only one quoted 1600/ hr. I had actually almost talked myself into it but then was told her trip was canceled due to the weather. Guess the weather saved me some money. LOL. Neil200 02-19-15, 23:50 I had the absolute pure pleasure of seeing Verona on a few occasions. The first dream was when she was preggo. She is a sweetheart. Wish she was still available. I regret not seeing the beautiful Verona when I had a chance, she looked like my type I was too stuck on a certain girl I was seeing that I never broke away to see her. Damn, I had no idea she stopped doing the hobby until recently. If by chance she returns, I will for sure go see her. Jeepster1 02-20-15, 01:51 It's raining man-mades! No personal experience with either of these touring ladies, but nice eye candy: HotAlyse from North Carolina looks good in her pictures. Decent ECCIE reviews. She also has done some BBC porn as "motogurl" and "motoxgurl. " Visiting Nashville briefly, 2/24/2015 - 2/25/2015. She's toured here before. Anyone care to try a 150 half-hour? https://www.preferred411.com/180807 http://www.hotalyse.com KissApril is a bleached-blond Latina with pornstar-sized chest adornments. Decent ECCIE reviews. Quite an interesting story here: she is said to speak Portugese, so she's probably Brazilian, but lives in Japan when not touring. Looks like she was scheduled to arrive today, and leaves tomorrow or Saturday. (2/19/2015 - 2/20/2015). https://www.preferred411.com/180874 http://kissapril.com Check the slideshow: https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/april-786-246-4731-im-back-and-ready-to-playnew-photos-booking-appointments-now-super-busty-goddess-with-a-face-to-die-for/548a87b9976d28cf698b4567 -Jeepster1. RebelKnight13 02-20-15, 02:02 I posted an ad for FWB on a local website. I was emailed by some dude named "Charlie M" who gave me a phone number for a girl named "Kelly". Any idea what this is? I assume that it is a service in town. I am leery of this, as I have never gotten emails like this before. Any information would be appreciated. 366215. Football Fan 02-20-15, 02:27 Alyse is a fun time. Would repeat. She allowed me to take lots of pictures too. It's raining man-mades! No personal experience with either of these touring ladies, but nice eye candy: HotAlyse from North Carolina looks good in her pictures. Decent ECCIE reviews. She also has done some BBC porn as "motogurl" and "motoxgurl. " Visiting Nashville briefly, 2/24/2015 - 2/25/2015. She's toured here before. Anyone care to try a 150 half-hour? https://www.preferred411.com/180807 http://www.hotalyse.com KissApril is a bleached-blond Latina with pornstar-sized chest adornments. Decent ECCIE reviews. Quite an interesting story here: she is said to speak Portugese, so she's probably Brazilian, but lives in Japan when not touring. Looks like she was scheduled to arrive today, and leaves tomorrow or Saturday. (2/19/2015 - 2/20/2015). https://www.preferred411.com/180874 http://kissapril.com Check the slideshow: https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/april-786-246-4731-im-back-and-ready-to-playnew-photos-booking-appointments-now-super-busty-goddess-with-a-face-to-die-for/548a87b9976d28cf698b4567 -Jeepster1. Cullen 02-20-15, 08:56 KissApril is a bleached-blond Latina with pornstar-sized chest adornments. Decent ECCIE reviews. Quite an interesting story here: she is said to speak Portugese, so she's probably Brazilian, but lives in Japan when not touring. Looks like she was scheduled to arrive today, and leaves tomorrow or Saturday. (2/19/2015 - 2/20/2015). https://www.preferred411.com/180874 http://kissapril.com Check the slideshow: https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/april-786-246-4731-im-back-and-ready-to-playnew-photos-booking-appointments-now-super-busty-goddess-with-a-face-to-die-for/548a87b9976d28cf698b4567 -Jeepster1.I've seen April. Even though she's older than than she looks in her pics, I would recommend. She is VERY skilled. She also has a tattoo in her pelvic region that you can't see in the pics. When we met, she told me she was from Spain. UpForItNow 02-20-15, 15:18 I posted an ad for FWB on a local website. I was emailed by some dude named "Charlie M" who gave me a phone number for a girl named "Kelly". Any idea what this is? I assume that it is a service in town. I am leery of this, as I have never gotten emails like this before. Any information would be appreciated. 366215.I am pretty sure that is Kelly from SBL. I have not seen her yet, and she does not have pics in the SBL gallery, but they have posted some on their "daily" post updates, including some in that schoolgirl skirt (I don't remember that shot, though). Wonder if she's moonlighting or maybe has moved on from SBL? She hasn't been there all that long, but had caught my eye. The email from a guy's name is a twist. Usually the only way to contact an SBL lady is through Candace. Maybe "Charlie M" pilfered her pic somehow. WaywardWind 02-20-15, 19:05 Alyse is a fun time. Would repeat. She allowed me to take lots of pictures too.Funny won't answer my emails. But that is her prerogative. Gave her references and everything. Hope ya'll have better luck. Saw latest pictures on NR and not sure it wasn't in my interest to be passed. WaywardWind 02-20-15, 19:06 Funny won't answer my emails. But that is her prerogative. Gave her references and everything. Hope ya'll have better luck. Saw latest pictures on NR and not sure it wasn't in my interest to be passed.Referring to Alsyce. RebelKnight13 02-20-15, 19:29 I am pretty sure that is Kelly from SBL. I have not seen her yet, and she does not have pics in the SBL gallery, but they have posted some on their "daily" post updates, including some in that schoolgirl skirt (I don't remember that shot, though). Wonder if she's moonlighting or maybe has moved on from SBL? She hasn't been there all that long, but had caught my eye. The email from a guy's name is a twist. Usually the only way to contact an SBL lady is through Candace. Maybe "Charlie M" pilfered her pic somehow.Now I understand! Charlie gave me a phone number and told me it was his friend, Candace. Candace knows Kelly and would set me up, he said. Thanks for the help! I am not worried now. UpForItNow 02-21-15, 08:23 Now I understand! Charlie gave me a phone number and told me it was his friend, Candace. Candace knows Kelly and would set me up, he said. Thanks for the help! I am not worried now.SBL requires some screening before you can see one of their ladies, so be prepared for some questions. Once you're in, you will be glad you did it, though. Tits Mcfloppin 02-21-15, 10:50 I seen the BORO TAYLOR and she gave a SWIFT honky tonk blowjob to me! Man the snow let up yes day and I tex her to say BnG for me? She says yes so I go and is 100 for that and I got to do LFK suck tits and then get BBBJCIM from her. I go and pool down my pants to sit on couch and she got on her nees and done the BBBJ on my hole boner for along time and then I cum gallons in her mouth and she spit it out in the sink but looks at me 1st like she maybe will drink it but don't. This was a honky tonk BJ sense it was THE BEST. I hope my cum flaver was good sense I drinked coffee. ClarksVegas13 02-22-15, 01:20 I seen the BORO TAYLOR and she gave a SWIFT honky tonk blowjob to me! Man the snow let up yes day and I tex her to say BnG for me? She says yes so I go and is 100 for that and I got to do LFK suck tits and then get BBBJCIM from her. I go and pool down my pants to sit on couch and she got on her nees and done the BBBJ on my hole boner for along time and then I cum gallons in her mouth and she spit it out in the sink but looks at me 1st like she maybe will drink it but don't. This was a honky tonk BJ sense it was THE BEST. I hope my cum flaver was good sense I drinked coffee.Tits I just wanted to say thank you. Read your review and went to see her. See was amazing. I made her cum and it was so fucking hot and when she finished me I thought I was going to have a heart attack. This girl is awesome. I feel giddy ahahha. GeorgeKaplan 02-22-15, 07:20 Is that why you got the good treatment? I seen the BORO TAYLOR and she gave a SWIFT honky tonk blowjob to me! Man the snow let up yes day and I tex her to say BnG for me? She says yes so I go and is 100 for that and I got to do LFK suck tits and then get BBBJCIM from her. I go and pool down my pants to sit on couch and she got on her nees and done the BBBJ on my hole boner for along time and then I cum gallons in her mouth and she spit it out in the sink but looks at me 1st like she maybe will drink it but don't. This was a honky tonk BJ sense it was THE BEST. I hope my cum flaver was good sense I drinked coffee. DogginUSA 02-23-15, 19:07 I seen the BORO TAYLOR and she gave a SWIFT honky tonk blowjob to me! Man the snow let up yes day and I tex her to say BnG for me? She says yes so I go and is 100 for that and I got to do LFK suck tits and then get BBBJCIM from her. I go and pool down my pants to sit on couch and she got on her nees and done the BBBJ on my hole boner for along time and then I cum gallons in her mouth and she spit it out in the sink but looks at me 1st like she maybe will drink it but don't. This was a honky tonk BJ sense it was THE BEST. I hope my cum flaver was good sense I drinked coffee.I'm not familiar with this lady. Do you have a link or some info or something? And by the way this may be one of the best reviews you've ever posted I laughed so hard reading it. BigFatRichard 02-23-15, 19:53 I had a visit with her yesterday. Had to reschedule due to the weather. Had a fabulous time. Per her request she asked that I not go into very much detail on the board but thru PM I'd fine. CBJ dfk Daty mish rcg and finished in Greece in Doggy. Damage wad $$. 5 for the entire hour popped twice and will repeat as soon as I recover. Great personality with body like a natural woman. BigFatDick's seal of approval. Cullen 02-23-15, 19:56 I'm not familiar with this lady. Do you have a link or some info or something? And by the way this may be one of the best reviews you've ever posted I laughed so hard reading it.I think the only links for her are to other review sites. So unfortunately you'll just need to find her on them. Fp1972 02-23-15, 20:03 I'm not familiar with this lady. Do you have a link or some info or something? And by the way this may be one of the best reviews you've ever posted I laughed so hard reading it.Agreed, please point us in the right direction at least to contact her. And this is the absolute funniest shit I've ever read!! Stixxer 02-24-15, 00:09 Agreed, please point us in the right direction at least to contact her. And this is the absolute funniest shit I've ever read!!Dudes, check the Escort Classified Ads. Member Discussions. You'll find it 2-21-15. Fredies Dream 02-24-15, 01:59 Had lunch (yes just lunch) with Posh and her affable husband on the 12th. (Posh, tell him to look affable up because I know he's wondering what that means. LOL). Turns out he and I share the same taste, Crab Ragoon, Sushi, and Posh Bent Over. Can't wait for her return to South Carolina. Better see her while you got her there Nashville. Mike1701 02-24-15, 07:20 I had a visit with her yesterday. Had to reschedule due to the weather. Had a fabulous time. Per her request she asked that I not go into very much detail on the board but thru PM I'd fine. CBJ dfk Daty mish rcg and finished in Greece in Doggy. Damage wad $$. 5 for the entire hour popped twice and will repeat as soon as I recover. Great personality with body like a natural woman. BigFatDick's seal of approval.No seal, of approval for me. I don't care how good she looks. CBJ, = means I will not see. If a provider has that much fear of body fluids, she is in the wrong buisness. CountryBoi3575 02-24-15, 08:14 Can you give some info on the Huntsville board about this one http://birmingham.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/do-you-like-to-kiss-whitney-coming-to-madison-this-week-for-one-day/11307377 thanks pm if you like. BigFatRichard 02-24-15, 08:59 No seal, of approval for me. I don't care how good she looks. CBJ, = means I will not see. If a provider has that much fear of body fluids, she is in the wrong buisness.I personally would love a bare sloppy wet BBBJ but I have no idea how many guys she sees. I've got a SO who I do enjoy the raw stuff with but my experience has shown me that there isn't a difference in the covered or no cover. If she's as skilled as Posh you can't even tell. IAmSix15 02-24-15, 10:29 Can you give some info on the Huntsville board about this one http://birmingham.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/do-you-like-to-kiss-whitney-coming-to-madison-this-week-for-one-day/11307377 thanks pm if you like.http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?9057-BackPage-Advertiser-Reviews&p=2293991#post2293991. http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?9057-BackPage-Advertiser-Reviews&p=2294863&viewfull=1#post2294863. http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?6805-BackPage-Advertiser-Reviews&p=2157855&highlight=Whitney+Clarksville#post2157855. http://www.40somethingmag.com/xxx-mature-models/Taylor_Lynn/7186/ Goes on an on from there. Good luck. DogginUSA 02-24-15, 14:56 Can you give some info on the Huntsville board about this one http://birmingham.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/do-you-like-to-kiss-whitney-coming-to-madison-this-week-for-one-day/11307377 thanks pm if you like.If that chick is 48 then I am 18. She has had more drama than the Oscars. I would stay away. Tenderfoot 02-24-15, 15:04 If that chick is 48 then I am 18. She has had more drama than the Oscars. I would stay away.I wouldn't call her a chick, even on her best day. LOL I remember her from back in the '90's, when she was working at one of the parlors on Dickerson Pike. She looked 'old' to me back then, and that was 20 years ago. ShyGuyInTn 02-24-15, 20:33 Can you give some info on the Huntsville board about this one http://birmingham.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/do-you-like-to-kiss-whitney-coming-to-madison-this-week-for-one-day/11307377 thanks pm if you like.Had a good double with her and Kristin many many moons ago. Too much board drama since. Has vids under Taylor Lynn. HunterRidge 02-24-15, 21:38 Hey hobbiest I'm lookn for a true squirter! I haven't heard of one in a few weeks so if you know of a good one let me know! Hunter are. UpForItNow 02-27-15, 14:44 Jenny says she has decided to stay through the weekend, and could use some company. She took the edge off a chilly day for me yesterday. My knees are still weak. SquirtMomma39 02-27-15, 16:24 What up Nash Vegas mongers. I feel like George & Wheezy (I'm moving on up) as I'm about 2 give this report. LOL! I had the opportunity 2 schedule with Jenny on yesterday and 4 those of you who no her why'all understand why I made the moving on up comment. Jenny did request that this review be done with tact and I'll honor that. Guys the session was just that a session Jenny is a top notch provider she is the definition of provider. From the time that I arrived at her location she was engaging and so very entertaining prior 2 my arrival we agreed on a Hhr at special rate she had last night. $ that was never mentioned again until our session was over. Jenny was all about me during the visit hell guys dis lady actually seduced me she's not a clock watcher the entire encounter was so FN relaxing. I'll go ahead and end this by saying Jenny gave a PSE and I left there wore the F out. I have a couple of pics but she has not given me the ok 2 post them. As far as her looks she's beautiful with a spinner body type the girl is tight mongers. Do yo self a favor and book this 1 you will not regret it. I will definitely repeat ok mongers I'm out. Stixxer 02-28-15, 00:49 What up Nash Vegas mongers. I feel like George & Wheezy (I'm moving on up) as I'm about 2 give this report. LOL! I had the opportunity 2 schedule with Jenny on yesterday and 4 those of you who no her why'all understand why I made the moving on up comment. Jenny did request that this review be done with tact and I'll honor that. Guys the session was just that a session Jenny is a top notch provider she is the definition of provider. From the time that I arrived at her location she was engaging and so very entertaining prior 2 my arrival we agreed on a Hhr at special rate she had last night. $ that was never mentioned again until our session was over. Jenny was all about me during the visit hell guys dis lady actually seduced me she's not a clock watcher the entire encounter was so FN relaxing. I'll go ahead and end this by saying Jenny gave a PSE and I left there wore the F out. I have a couple of pics but she has not given me the ok 2 post them. As far as her looks she's beautiful with a spinner body type the girl is tight mongers. Do yo self a favor and book this 1 you will not regret it. I will definitely repeat ok mongers I'm out.I know she's got lots of reviews, men absolutely raving about her. I will say I have not yet had the pleasure of making her acquaintance, but I hope to catch her in the not too distant future once I can get my ass to Nashville! Can I say that. "ass?" LOL. Anyways, She sounds like a sweet girl and makes effort to make her man happy and the center of her attention the time you are there. But I better be careful or I'll be writing a review and heck I haven't even seen her yet, I've just read everyone else's reviews! I'm just getting carried away. Miss Jenny, mwuuaah, I hope to see you soon! -stix. Mike1701 02-28-15, 09:01 Jenny says she has decided to stay through the weekend, and could use some company. She took the edge off a chilly day for me yesterday. My knees are still weak.Sounds like you are having all the luck. Jenny can be a real warm person. Instant heat. IAmSix15 02-28-15, 09:42 I saw Jenny early Friday morning. She is real and a different type of provider. Went the extra mile to get to know me and likes to talk about a variety of subjects. She is an open book and she's also intellectual. Kind of new experience dealing with a provider like her. Anyone who has seen her can co sign everything I've written. Plus Incall location was very clean and she takes pride in her appearance. A+. Would surely repeat. SmartSexy2286 02-28-15, 13:02 I have been following their site but I haven't seen any activities since Feb 10th. May be the cold weather?? RustyKuntz 02-28-15, 13:08 Totally agree with IAmSix15, She is one not to miss. It's obvious she takes pride in her appearance and also has her clients in mind when choosing the location she stays at. I have enjoyed every time I got to see her, I love seeing her spinner body from every angle but that rear view is amazing. I saw her last Sunday night and was hoping to see her again before she leaves, If only our schedules could get in sync. I saw Jenny early Friday morning. She is real and a different type of provider. Went the extra mile to get to know me and likes to talk about a variety of subjects. She is an open book and she's also intellectual. Kind of new experience dealing with a provider like her. Anyone who has seen her can co sign everything I've written. Plus Incall location was very clean and she takes pride in her appearance. A+. Would surely repeat. BlackHawk101 03-01-15, 00:50 Totally agree with IAmSix15, She is one not to miss. It's obvious she takes pride in her appearance and also has her clients in mind when choosing the location she stays at. I have enjoyed every time I got to see her, I love seeing her spinner body from every angle but that rear view is amazing. I saw her last Sunday night and was hoping to see her again before she leaves, If only our schedules could get in sync.He is correct! We have had very few come through Nashville with her skills and as cute as this little Pixie from Dixie! She has the skills to thrill! Jerry1235 03-01-15, 03:53 With all those raving reviews of Jenny, I figured I'd throw in my experience with the very popular Ms. Heart. After having emailed with her for a while, since she was in Chattanooga and Knoxville, and not been able to connect because of schedules not cooperating, the stars finally aligned! Tonight was the night everything came together. So I text her an hour before our meeting to verify. All is a go. Since I knew where in the general area she is staying. I figure I'll head that way. So I'm close by and I text her again. This time so she can tell me where I should go. Nothing. Give it about five minutes and text her again. Nothing. So I decide to cut my loses and head back home. I text her one last time and tell her that perhaps we can do this another day. Guess what? She answers. Said she received both texts at same time. Ok, I can see that happening. So, by this time, our appointment time has arrived. I ask her again, where to? Remember, we have been emailing each other since last year, before she even came to Nashville. Imagine my surprise when she asks me, just minutes from potentially meeting, if she ever verified me! WOW! So I give her my handle here and a provider as a reference. And not just any provider either. I gave as reference one that SHE has worked with in the past. Here's where it might get dicey. She asked how long. I replied," depends on whether we click. Hopefully, an hour". Was that the wrong response? In my defense, I had heard and read that she is very honest and forthcoming so I figured I could be honest as well. After that text, a deathly silence ensued. Followed by the sound of crickets. So my experience, was a none experience. Cest la vie BlackHawk101 03-01-15, 10:29 With all those raving reviews of Jenny, I figured I'd throw in my experience with the very popular Ms. Heart. After having emailed with her for a while, since she was in Chattanooga and Knoxville, and not been able to connect because of schedules not cooperating, the stars finally aligned! Tonight was the night everything came together. So I text her an hour before our meeting to verify. All is a go. Since I knew where in the general area she is staying. I figure I'll head that way. So I'm close by and I text her again. This time so she can tell me where I should go. Nothing. Give it about five minutes and text her again. Nothing. So I decide to cut my loses and head back home. I text her one last time and tell her that perhaps we can do this another day. Guess what? She answers. Said she received both texts at same time. Ok, I can see that happening. So, by this time, our appointment time has arrived. I ask her again, where to? Remember, we have been emailing each other since last year, before she even came to Nashville. Imagine my surprise when she asks me, just minutes from potentially meeting, if she ever verified me! WOW! So I give her my handle here and a provider as a reference. And not just any provider either. I gave as reference one that SHE has worked with in the past. Here's where it might get dicey. She asked how long. I replied," depends on whether we click. Hopefully, an hour". Was that the wrong response? In my defense, I had heard and read that she is very honest and forthcoming so I figured I could be honest as well. After that text, a deathly silence ensued. Followed by the sound of crickets. So my experience, was a none experience. Cest la vieDon't feel bad I was suppose to have her for breakfast! She had not answered! Could by sweet Pixie! I think she hoped on the bus Gus or got a new plan Stan! Anyone up for a breakfast spin? BlackHawk101 03-01-15, 10:57 LOL someone throw me a lifeline! Here I am by the airport and no puddy to find! I guess it's time for Shoney's. Member #4886 03-01-15, 11:12 I have been following their site but I haven't seen any activities since Feb 10th. May be the cold weather?? Now I understand! Charlie gave me a phone number and told me it was his friend, Candace. Candace knows Kelly and would set me up, he said. Thanks for the help! I am not worried now.I also wondered what was going on with them. I logged on the site candace. sbl4u.com and got this pop up message: ". There was a guy by the name of Charlie M. Also goes by the screen name twisted. Which is Kelly's boyfriend. If he has or attempts to contact you PLEASE let us know. ALWAY speak with Candace before interacting with members of this website. ". Sounds like a jealous boyfriend is on a tear! Jeepster1 03-01-15, 11:23 LOL someone throw me a lifeline! Here I am by the airport and no puddy to find! I guess it's time for Shoney's.Got no idea if she's any fun, but Kris is on P411, and advertised yesterday that she's at the airport: http://nashville.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/utit-mt-skill-r-r-frk-blonde-barbie-available/11991502 https://www.preferred411.com/P15000 -Jeepster1. Animalatnight 03-01-15, 11:34 I saw her last night-she said she would be at the room sunday morning and wanted me to see her again then. She said she will take a few days vacation. Maybe she has left. I will post my review later. Cullen 03-01-15, 14:16 I have been following their site but I haven't seen any activities since Feb 10th. May be the cold weather??I spoke to Candace on the phone last Friday. Everything seemed OK then. RonSwanson 03-01-15, 14:20 So, Jenny and her communication skills. I had my second bad attempted experience so I decided to post because I doubt that I'm the only one. I contacted Jenny in the afternoon about setting up some time. Last night she responded and after several delayed responses on her end we had a time. She gives me the location and once I arrive radio silence. Nothing. She did this to me a few weeks ago as well. 8-12 hours to setup a time and then once I arrive as scheduled, nothing. Like all reviews, take this in combination will everything and make you're decision. Bucktrain 03-01-15, 14:22 So, Jenny and her communication skills. I had my second bad attempted experience so I decided to post because I doubt that I'm the only one. I contacted Jenny in the afternoon about setting up some time. Last night she responded and after several delayed responses on her end we had a time. She gives me the location and once I arrive radio silence. Nothing. She did this to me a few weeks ago as well. 8-12 hours to setup a time and then once I arrive as scheduled, nothing. Like all reviews, take this in combination will everything and make you're decision.There are tons of posts on her in the Chattanooga forum. A lot are good, some are like yours. Rum Runner 03-01-15, 14:59 I have but one thought to offer. DRUGS. She is just like all the rest once she gets her drug money she is MIA until she needs another fix. Not all providers are like this but most who travel and use BP are. With all those raving reviews of Jenny, I figured I'd throw in my experience with the very popular Ms. Heart. After having emailed with her for a while, since she was in Chattanooga and Knoxville, and not been able to connect because of schedules not cooperating, the stars finally aligned! Tonight was the night everything came together. So I text her an hour before our meeting to verify. All is a go. Since I knew where in the general area she is staying. I figure I'll head that way. So I'm close by and I text her again. This time so she can tell me where I should go. Nothing. Give it about five minutes and text her again. Nothing. So I decide to cut my loses and head back home. I text her one last time and tell her that perhaps we can do this another day. Guess what? She answers. Said she received both texts at same time. Ok, I can see that happening. So, by this time, our appointment time has arrived. I ask her again, where to? Remember, we have been emailing each other since last year, before she even came to Nashville. Imagine my surprise when she asks me, just minutes from potentially meeting, if she ever verified me! WOW! So I give her my handle here and a provider as a reference. And not just any provider either. I gave as reference one that SHE has worked with in the past. Here's where it might get dicey. She asked how long. I replied," depends on whether we click. Hopefully, an hour". Was that the wrong response? In my defense, I had heard and read that she is very honest and forthcoming so I figured I could be honest as well. After that text, a deathly silence ensued. Followed by the sound of crickets. So my experience, was a none experience. Cest la vie RustyKuntz 03-01-15, 16:05 I will not even attempt to try to explain why the silence, Jenny would have to be the one to do it, but I will have to give her the benefit of the doubt based on what you assume. Sure I have my assumptions and will talk to her but I will keep it between us, however, I seriously doubt drugs are the issue for the silence. The two times I have seen her, there has not even been a hint of her doing or even being on drugs. Unless she is doing something and doing a very good job of hiding it, regardless, usually there are tell-tale signs and I don't see that. And I seriously doubt Jenny is going to take any chances of getting busted for drugs, if you know anything about her. True, I don't know her that well but she has been very open about things and I just don't see it. Other than the obvious thing, which she needs to work on, she is very professional about everything else. Lastly, take into consideration the long days providers have, which does not leave much time to rest, so exhaustion is not out of the question. I know on my last visit she needed a nap before her next appt and I had to be considerate and give her time to rest instead of taking up any more of her time. She didn't ask me to leave so I excused myself instead. Whatever the reason (s), I hope she takes care of it. That's my take, take it for what is worth and believe me, I have dealt with some addicts in my life. I will give her the benefit of the doubt until I'm proven wrong. I have but one thought to offer. DRUGS. She is just like all the rest once she gets her drug money she is MIA until she needs another fix. Not all providers are like this but most who travel and use BP are. Big Papppa 03-01-15, 17:17 Be aware of BP ads from Jada, also known as Alexis and sometimes goes by Renee. She only posts for outcall. She may need to get money for the room upfront, either case once she gets the money she is gone. Big boy driver says he is a cousin, they are in an older model Chevy Astro van. Animalatnight 03-01-15, 19:08 My advice for the guys who missed her -try again. She's worth it. This is my review-a lot like the other reviews. She is a sweet, petite, southern girl with amazing skills. She has a beautiful face of a super model. She is 29 but looks 20. She started by undressing me, then gave me a naked lapdance. Then she started on the main event. A BJ then she rode me, and believe me. She is a true spinner. She is a ex-stripper and has the stripper legs and ass. She has a full menu. I did not do 69 this visit but will next time. I don't see many providers any more but there can't be that many with the combination of looks and skill like her. I give her a 10 for performance and a 10 for attitude. She says she will make Nashville her main location. Lucky us! IslandGuy1999 03-01-15, 19:40 So, Jenny and her communication skills. I had my second bad attempted experience so I decided to post because I doubt that I'm the only one. I contacted Jenny in the afternoon about setting up some time. Last night she responded and after several delayed responses on her end we had a time. She gives me the location and once I arrive radio silence. Nothing. She did this to me a few weeks ago as well. 8-12 hours to setup a time and then once I arrive as scheduled, nothing. Like all reviews, take this in combination will everything and make you're decision.I'm not sure if anyone else has had this same experience with Jenny with her being slow to respond but I have. She texted me a different number and that number has worked ever since she told me that it was her texting app that she had for her phone causing her slow response. I can only assume that's the truth because ever since she's giving me the new number I have absolutely no problem with response time with her. IslandGuy1999 03-01-15, 19:42 I have but one thought to offer. DRUGS. She is just like all the rest once she gets her drug money she is MIA until she needs another fix. Not all providers are like this but most who travel and use BP are.But Jenny doesn't use Backpage. Bloofin 03-02-15, 00:18 I have but one thought to offer. DRUGS. She is just like all the rest once she gets her drug money she is MIA until she needs another fix. Not all providers are like this but most who travel and use BP are.Have you even ever seen Jenny, or is the drug use just an assumption you have about all providers? I have seen Jenny numerous times in Chattanooga and I can't buy into your drugs theory and I also think that is an opinion you should keep to yourself. I do k ow she has had some text issues in the past but I've always been able to get in touch with her. We did have a problem in our first meeting but we were abLe to work through that and since then I've see her numerous times often on short notice. I do know she does not like for someone to constantly text her before allowing time for her to reply and she will not reply if she is with someone. So you may have to wait an hour or more for a reply. Jboon 03-02-15, 02:00 Just want to say, Jenny is the sweetest provider I have ever seen. I absolutely agree with all her positive reviews and can't wait to see her again. And yeah, if she misses an appointment or doesn't reply right away, I figure she has a tough job. Anyway, she's never been less than perfect every time I have seen her! Baccala Kid 03-02-15, 09:40 I had a dream about her the other day and she was very nice and sweet. I got to pick out an outfit, which was fun. She is a petite spinner. Setting meeting was tough to get verified but it worked out eventually. I understand the reason for screening, so that's ok. Overall great dream and I hope to have it again. Rome1188 03-02-15, 10:37 Just want to say, Jenny is the sweetest provider I have ever seen. I absolutely agree with all her positive reviews and can't wait to see her again. And yeah, if she misses an appointment or doesn't reply right away, I figure she has a tough job. Anyway, she's never been less than perfect every time I have seen her!I have been in my car and in room with her when she's received texts that for whatever reason, make her suspicious of that person. If you give her any reason to doubt your legitimacy, she has no problem moving on and maybe being overly cautious but that is her right. Apcchd 03-02-15, 11:55 Yes, I have missed Jenny on her visits here. She seems to work much later than I normally see folks, but we are still trying. And she's obviously been very busy. But I am patient, and hope to make up for it. I have been in my car and in room with her when she's received texts that for whatever reason, make her suspicious of that person. If you give her any reason to doubt your legitimacy, she has no problem moving on and maybe being overly cautious but that is her right. UpForItNow 03-02-15, 12:14 I have been in my car and in room with her when she's received texts that for whatever reason, make her suspicious of that person. If you give her any reason to doubt your legitimacy, she has no problem moving on and maybe being overly cautious but that is her right.Rome is right In what he says. Also, as I posted on Friday, she was having some issues with the phone with her posted number. I had offered to pm another number for a phone that was working, and did send it to several members who asked. From their replies, that seemed to have worked, and several reported happy visits. That said, I have had conversations with her about the need to let guys know if there is an issue, as communication breakdowns seem to be the only complaint that I have ever seen posted about her. Can't blame her for being cautious if that was the reason (although a text letting the client know would be the professional thing to do), and can understand if the problem was with her phone. If it was something else, then maybe she can post and let us know what it was. MrMrBigz 03-02-15, 16:36 I have been in my car and in room with her when she's received texts that for whatever reason, make her suspicious of that person. If you give her any reason to doubt your legitimacy, she has no problem moving on and maybe being overly cautious but that is her right.She has the right to do what she wants if she is suspicious of any body and as someone said, sending a text to that person would be the right thing to do. When there is crickets after texting till the moment comes, that's a her problem so it has nothing to do with text app. I might be wrong but from seeing other posts, she needs to do a better job of screening before agreeing to meet someone and she might be overbooking at night which is not fair to those she agrees to see and then does a no show on some including senior members. Posts from Chatanoga and here Nashville show several no shows. She may be great but if she don't fix her act she loses out on what keeps her here. Maybe she makes enough and does not care. Bucktrain 03-03-15, 01:35 She has the right to do what she wants if she is suspicious of any body and as someone said, sending a text to that person would be the right thing to do. When there is crickets after texting till the moment comes, that's a her problem so it has nothing to do with text app. I might be wrong but from seeing other posts, she needs to do a better job of screening before agreeing to meet someone and she might be overbooking at night which is not fair to those she agrees to see and then does a no show on some including senior members. Posts from Chatanoga and here Nashville show several no shows. She may be great but if she don't fix her act she loses out on what keeps her here. Maybe she makes enough and does not care.Getting my time wasted is one of my worst pet peeves. If a girl changes her mind about seeing a guy then she should tell him immediately. Some people have limited time frames to work with. If a girl does this to you, then you have every right to let others know of this behavior. Chiatrimmer 03-04-15, 02:09 I've been told by a reliable source in Chattanooga that a highly regarded UTR lady is coming to Nashville Friday and leaving Sunday. She's early 30's with a nice figure. Reviews describe her as very accommodating and energetic. I'm hoping to get a photo to post. If any trusted senior members are interested, I can give you more info via pm. She won't see anyone who doesn't have a history of quality posts. I'm sorry, I can't share info with people who don't qualify. Her rules, not mine. Mike1701 03-04-15, 07:02 She has the right to do what she wants if she is suspicious of any body and as someone said, sending a text to that person would be the right thing to do. When there is crickets after texting till the moment comes, that's a her problem so it has nothing to do with text app. I might be wrong but from seeing other posts, she needs to do a better job of screening before agreeing to meet someone and she might be overbooking at night which is not fair to those she agrees to see and then does a no show on some including senior members. Posts from Chatanoga and here Nashville show several no shows. She may be great but if she don't fix her act she loses out on what keeps her here. Maybe she makes enough and does not care. Getting my time wasted is one of my worst pet peeves. If a girl changes her mind about seeing a guy then she should tell him immediately. Some people have limited time frames to work with. If a girl does this to you, then you have every right to let others know of this behavior.I don't care who it is. A no show for either the guy or the girl is a pain in the ass. Respect for each other is important. "Maybe she makes enough and does not care". There is never enough. Buck train is right, a simple text could have stopped a bad review. This is a service based buisness. We are the consumer, and we have every right to say what we think. My 2 cents. Tits Mcfloppin 03-04-15, 12:28 Dudes I seen JENNY a few days ago and we done IT so good IT was THE BEST. She done the BBBJ on me and drinked cherry cool aid and sucked it good and even showed her talant of how she DT a boner like I got. Then I got so big a boner from her that we started with the GREEK but sex 1st AFTER the BBBJ. Man she gots a deep ass and it is so tite it almost hunted to do IT greek but sex! She is prolly going to poop terds in the shape of my boner. Then she change the cover and we done IT CG RCG DOGY and MISH. Sorry to the team if maybe I ware her out. Chiatrimmer 03-04-15, 12:38 Her board handle is hotmilf82. She has many glowing comments on the Chattanooga board. If you check Chattanooga Escort Ads, posts 362 and 364 have several photos of her. With her reasonable donation, she could be a must see. Arriving in Nashville Friday 3/6, leaving Sunday 3/8. I hope Tits Mc sees her. She does IT good. ChuckSnow 03-04-15, 12:56 [Deleted by Admin] EDITOR'S NOTE: This report was edited or deleted in accordance with the Forum's policy prohibiting unsubstantiated reports claiming that another person is afflicted with a Sexually Transmitted Disease, this limitation being necessary because a disturbing number of these reports are less than genuine. STD allegations are not permitted in the forum at any time EXCEPT when substantiated by links to internet-accessible public records. Please read the Forum's Posting Guidelines for further information. AxelR 03-05-15, 11:32 [Forum Complaint deleted by Admin] EDITOR'S NOTE: The general posting sections of the Forum are not the place to voice your personal complaints about the Forum's rules or operating procedures. In the future, please send any complaints about the Forum to me personally by email or PM, or post them in the Comment on Forum Rules section. Thanks! IAmSix15 03-07-15, 15:39 She just text and said she was on her way to Nash. Member #4886 03-08-15, 01:31 It's been a while! She hasn't been active in the hobby since September. I'd been messaging and flirting with her for a month or two, so when I ran into a few extra $ yesterday, I emailed her to see if she was available. And she was! I saw her this morning at her incall. She is a classy BBW, 38 years old. She is a low volume part time provider. Yeah, she works 9-5 just like the rest of us! Activities included LFK / DFK, breast play, BBBJ, DT, BLS, DATY, BBBJTCIMNQNS, FIV, CFS. Not every man's dream girl, but for those who appreciate her, Katherine is a gem. Donation 275. www.kat-nashville.escortwebsite.com ThrillSeeker69 03-08-15, 13:43 She just text and said she was on her way to Nash.Thanks for the heads up. I couldn't connect with her last time she was here. Maybe this time will be different. Jerry1235 03-08-15, 19:06 Yes, the Jenny Heart saga continues. So I'm minding my own business this past Friday when out of the blue, BAM! ,a text from the sometimes elusive Ms. Heart. She was notifying me that she was in Nashville and available. Really? After last week? I said thanks but no thanks. " Once bitten, twice shy". At first she said it was a misunderstanding, she still had our texts. She then told me she fell asleep and apologized. So, me been the nice and forgiving guy that I am, 😄, decide to give her another chance. Here ends the saga. Short one, huh? We finally met. She's very busy, gentlemen, so some of you might not get to see her this go round. Keep trying and good luck. Stay safe everyone. Chiatrimmer 03-09-15, 11:49 If you haven't met Kay2 Day, this would be a good day. Plenty of info about her on the net. Jeepster1 03-09-15, 16:52 On a whim I just checked Naughty Reviews and spotted an ad for Lindsay the twin. No mention of sis, though. Her number is 502 xxx6723. -Jeepster1. IslandGuy1999 03-09-15, 17:59 If you haven't met Kay2 Day, this would be a good day. Plenty of info about her on the net.Only do with her if you want to deal with somebody who thinks she's better than you she has a very big attitude problem. Tits Mcfloppin 03-09-15, 18:16 On a whim I just checked Naughty Reviews and spotted an ad for Lindsay the twin. No mention of sis, though. Her number is 502 xxx6723. -Jeepster1.YES! YES! YES! I MUST drop EVEYR THING and see her NOW! Them 2 twins is my FAV of ever and I want to do IT good with her again! YES! Chiatrimmer 03-09-15, 18:20 Girl Lila is highly recommended. Trusted seniors with a history of good posts feel free to message me. Mike1701 03-09-15, 19:19 If you haven't met Kay2 Day, this would be a good day. Plenty of info about her on the net.I do love her adds. There is a lot about her on the net and she is p411. OJones 03-09-15, 22:28 Only do with her if you want to deal with somebody who thinks she's better than you she has a very big attitude problem.I found Kay2 Day to be very sweet and accommodating during my dream. Communication was easy, everything was on time, she was enthusiastic, and (like she says) all three holes were open for business! I had an incredible time with her and am repeating this week while she's here. OJones 03-09-15, 22:33 Only do with her if you want to deal with somebody who thinks she's better than you she has a very big attitude problem.I found Kay2 Day to be very sweet and accommodating during my dream. Communication was easy, everything was on time, she was enthusiastic, and (like she says) all three holes were open for business! I had an incredible time with her and am repeating this week while she's here. Spicy Dreams 03-10-15, 00:13 Dudes I seen JENNY a few days ago and we done IT so good IT was THE BEST. She done the BBBJ on me and drinked cherry cool aid and sucked it good and even showed her talant of how she DT a boner like I got. Then I got so big a boner from her that we started with the GREEK but sex 1st AFTER the BBBJ. Man she gots a deep ass and it is so tite it almost hunted to do IT greek but sex! She is prolly going to poop terds in the shape of my boner. Then she change the cover and we done IT CG RCG DOGY and MISH. Sorry to the team if maybe I ware her out.Tits! I had been hoping for your next Jenny report, I even came this close to posting how I wanted to read one last week! Good to see everything went well. BlackHawk101 03-10-15, 00:54 Tits! I had been hoping for your next Jenny report, I even came this close to posting how I wanted to read one last week! Good to see everything went well.I hit it assault style before tits for tots got there! Hope you enjoyed my sloppy 2 nds. Rome1188 03-10-15, 01:11 On a whim I just checked Naughty Reviews and spotted an ad for Lindsay the twin. No mention of sis, though. Her number is 502 xxx6723. -Jeepster1.Her plans changed at last minute so she will be here Tuesday instead. Tits Mcfloppin 03-10-15, 10:46 I hit it assault style before tits for tots got there! Hope you enjoyed my sloppy 2 nds.Bro there is some thing you should know. We ALL gets each others sloppy 2 nds! Thats part of being in fuck club! And she was not wore out sense I seen her in the MORNING any way so un less you got there at 430 am I done her 1st that day sense she just waked up BUT my post of my TOFTT is all ways later sense takes me along time to rite and get it on here. Some times I get your sloppy 2nd and some times you get mine BUT is ALL good when them hookers can do IT good with everybuddy! Tits Mcfloppin 03-10-15, 19:32 Oh how VERONA use to do IT good BUT she aint a hooker no more. DC just is hard to get them pics off so there is alotta old stuf on there. She is in love with a dude who aint me and gots a reg job prolly not making neerly as much as she could as a hooker who can do IT good. But there is no more bona from verona sense she don't want to cheet on her dude. I regret not seeing the beautiful Verona when I had a chance, she looked like my type I was too stuck on a certain girl I was seeing that I never broke away to see her. Damn, I had no idea she stopped doing the hobby until recently. If by chance she returns, I will for sure go see her. I had the absolute pure pleasure of seeing Verona on a few occasions. The first dream was when she was preggo. She is a sweetheart. Wish she was still available.Dudes! This is the newest grad of TMac UTR FUCK CAMP! If you remember fair VERONA well AVA WILD looks almost just like her BUT so much HOTTER! OH man she can ride a boner good! Me and her done IT mish dogy CG RCG and she gives BBBJ with BLS just make sure you wash them stinky balls 1st! She gots 1 of THE BEST pussys I ever eated! And I done the DATY along time and sucked her tits to! Now give a call to her and do IT good! Now go shave and wash your balls and tell her you want the TMac GFE ball licking BBBJ specel! 203 you got to see! 442 a BBBJ for you 6011 is pure heven! So give a call and do IT good! Jeepster1 03-11-15, 15:10 On a whim I just checked Naughty Reviews and spotted an ad for Lindsay the twin. No mention of sis, though. Her number is 502 xxx6723. -Jeepster1.Just got a a NR PM from Louisville twin Lindsay saying that both she and sister Kelli are in Nashville today and part of tomorrow! (Wednesday and Thursday) . Bucket list time, guys! Both Tits and I saw them in Louisville and they are spectacular! -Jeepster1. Jeepster1 03-11-15, 20:19 Just got a a NR PM from Louisville twin Lindsay saying that both she and sister Kelli are in Nashville today and part of tomorrow! (Wednesday and Thursday) . Bucket list time, guys! Both Tits and I saw them in Louisville and they are spectacular! -Jeepster1.http://nashville.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/louisville-twins-lindsay-and-kelli/12587670 Tits Mcfloppin 03-11-15, 22:18 I was the 1st to see the TWINS in nashville today! This is the 2nd time I ever seen them and let me tell you team you GOT TO SEE THEM EVEN IF YOU NEVER SEE NOBUDDY AGAIN! I sucked the TWINS TWINS that is there tits and we done DFK DATY MISH CG RCG one sits on the face for DATY and other sucks or rides the boner. And they BOTH done BBBJ and BLS alot! The 1st time I ever seen them I could of died sense my life was foolfilled BUT to see them again is THE BEST. They don't see just anybuddy BUT if you get to se them like I done then your a lucky dude and YES there is good $ to pay BUT there pussys is REEL GOLD and it is a time you will ALL WAYS REMEMBER AND NEVER FORGET. This is THE BEST of THE BEST of THE BEST. You get combo of BOTH GFE and PSE at the same time and you just GOT to experece it to even know what I am saying. I have a fuck acct at the bank for emergences when I run out of fuck $ BUT need more for time like this when there is them TWINS. If they was living in NASH there the only 1's I would want to see. It just don't get better then this. They do IT good they do IT great they do IT the best. You know I love everybuddy who done the sex with me but them 2 get the tits boner award of tits boner awards. There pretty there sexy and they do IT better then THE BEST OF THE BEST. So everybuddy on the fuck team get your $ together and give a try to them. There is no better 3 some your ever going to have EVER! Jeepster1 03-11-15, 23:29 I was the 1st to see the TWINS in nashville today! This is the 2nd time I ever seen them and let me tell you team you GOT TO SEE THEM EVEN IF YOU NEVER SEE NOBUDDY AGAIN! I sucked the TWINS TWINS that is there tits and we done DFK DATY MISH CG RCG one sits on the face for DATY and other sucks or rides the boner. And they BOTH done BBBJ and BLS alot! The 1st time I ever seen them I could of died sense my life was foolfilled BUT to see them again is THE BEST. They don't see just anybuddy BUT if you get to se them like I done then your a lucky dude and YES there is good $ to pay BUT there pussys is REEL GOLD and it is a time you will ALL WAYS REMEMBER AND NEVER FORGET. This is THE BEST of THE BEST of THE BEST. You get combo of BOTH GFE and PSE at the same time and you just GOT to experece it to even know what I am saying. I have a fuck acct at the bank for emergences when I run out of fuck $ BUT need more for time like this when there is them TWINS. If they was living in NASH there the only 1's I would want to see. It just don't get better then this. They do IT good they do IT great they do IT the best. You know I love everybuddy who done the sex with me but them 2 get the tits boner award of tits boner awards. There pretty there sexy and they do IT better then THE BEST OF THE BEST. So everybuddy on the fuck team get your $ together and give a try to them. There is no better 3 some your ever going to have EVER!Tits, you need a well-deserved rest now! Don't go breaking that boner, we need to keep you in top condition so the reports will keep coming! -Jeepster1. VanillaStick 03-12-15, 00:27 I was the 1st to see the TWINS in nashville today! This is the 2nd time I ever seen them and let me tell you team you GOT TO SEE THEM EVEN IF YOU NEVER SEE NOBUDDY AGAIN! I sucked the TWINS TWINS that is there tits and we done DFK DATY MISH CG RCG one sits on the face for DATY and other sucks or rides the boner. And they BOTH done BBBJ and BLS alot! The 1st time I ever seen them I could of died sense my life was foolfilled BUT to see them again is THE BEST. They don't see just anybuddy BUT if you get to se them like I done then your a lucky dude and YES there is good $ to pay BUT there pussys is REEL GOLD and it is a time you will ALL WAYS REMEMBER AND NEVER FORGET. This is THE BEST of THE BEST of THE BEST. You get combo of BOTH GFE and PSE at the same time and you just GOT to experece it to even know what I am saying. I have a fuck acct at the bank for emergences when I run out of fuck $ BUT need more for time like this when there is them TWINS. If they was living in NASH there the only 1's I would want to see. It just don't get better then this. They do IT good they do IT great they do IT the best. You know I love everybuddy who done the sex with me but them 2 get the tits boner award of tits boner awards. There pretty there sexy and they do IT better then THE BEST OF THE BEST. So everybuddy on the fuck team get your $ together and give a try to them. There is no better 3 some your ever going to have EVER!Dang TITS, I'm becoming more curious where in the heck you get the funds to have so many provider visits, then I am curious about the provider andthe visit. Let us know your secret to wealth, or maybe turn us on to a job like yours. LOL. I have to save up like its Christmas time. JHeart28 03-12-15, 00:43 Bro there is some thing you should know. We ALL gets each others sloppy 2 nds! Thats part of being in fuck club! And she was not wore out sense I seen her in the MORNING any way so un less you got there at 430 am I done her 1st that day sense she just waked up BUT my post of my TOFTT is all ways later sense takes me along time to rite and get it on here. Some times I get your sloppy 2nd and some times you get mine BUT is ALL good when them hookers can do IT good with everybuddy!LOL. You guys are toooo much. Rome1188 03-12-15, 01:03 I was the 1st to see the TWINS in nashville today! This is the 2nd time I ever seen them and let me tell you team you GOT TO SEE THEM EVEN IF YOU NEVER SEE NOBUDDY AGAIN! I sucked the TWINS TWINS that is there tits and we done DFK DATY MISH CG RCG one sits on the face for DATY and other sucks or rides the boner. And they BOTH done BBBJ and BLS alot! The 1st time I ever seen them I could of died sense my life was foolfilled BUT to see them again is THE BEST. They don't see just anybuddy BUT if you get to se them like I done then your a lucky dude and YES there is good $ to pay BUT there pussys is REEL GOLD and it is a time you will ALL WAYS REMEMBER AND NEVER FORGET. This is THE BEST of THE BEST of THE BEST. You get combo of BOTH GFE and PSE at the same time and you just GOT to experece it to even know what I am saying. I have a fuck acct at the bank for emergences when I run out of fuck $ BUT need more for time like this when there is them TWINS. If they was living in NASH there the only 1's I would want to see. It just don't get better then this. They do IT good they do IT great they do IT the best. You know I love everybuddy who done the sex with me but them 2 get the tits boner award of tits boner awards. There pretty there sexy and they do IT better then THE BEST OF THE BEST. So everybuddy on the fuck team get your $ together and give a try to them. There is no better 3 some your ever going to have EVER!Haha. You're the man tits. Theres no doubt about that. Your reviews are heads above the rest and if they got the "tits best trophy" then I do believe they have to be the best duo ever. AvaWilde 03-12-15, 02:39 Who I think it is? 365037She is a dancer here in Nashville. I met her for the first time a few years ago over lunch with some mutual friends. Verona being one of those friends. It was right after Verona gave birth, bc she had her newborn with her. She may be more than a dancer though because the purpose of lunch was Verona giving advice on the business life. Anyways, she fell in love with Verona's tattoo and copied it a few weeks later. Crashdog 03-12-15, 05:57 I was the 1st to see the TWINS in nashville today! This is the 2nd time I ever seen them and let me tell you team you GOT TO SEE THEM EVEN IF YOU NEVER SEE NOBUDDY AGAIN! I sucked the TWINS TWINS that is there tits and we done DFK DATY MISH CG RCG one sits on the face for DATY and other sucks or rides the boner. And they BOTH done BBBJ and BLS alot! The 1st time I ever seen them I could of died sense my life was foolfilled BUT to see them again is THE BEST. They don't see just anybuddy BUT if you get to se them like I done then your a lucky dude and YES there is good $ to pay BUT there pussys is REEL GOLD and it is a time you will ALL WAYS REMEMBER AND NEVER FORGET. This is THE BEST of THE BEST of THE BEST. You get combo of BOTH GFE and PSE at the same time and you just GOT to experece it to even know what I am saying. I have a fuck acct at the bank for emergences when I run out of fuck $ BUT need more for time like this when there is them TWINS. If they was living in NASH there the only 1's I would want to see. It just don't get better then this. They do IT good they do IT great they do IT the best. You know I love everybuddy who done the sex with me but them 2 get the tits boner award of tits boner awards. There pretty there sexy and they do IT better then THE BEST OF THE BEST. So everybuddy on the fuck team get your $ together and give a try to them. There is no better 3 some your ever going to have EVER!He writes like this because he's a "writer" and he's afraid someone would recognize his style in a forum post. UpForItNow 03-12-15, 07:11 Dang TITS, I'm becoming more curious where in the heck you get the funds to have so many provider visits, then I am curious about the provider andthe visit. Let us know your secret to wealth, or maybe turn us on to a job like yours. LOL. I have to save up like its Christmas time. Haha. You're the man tits. Theres no doubt about that. Your reviews are heads above the rest and if they got the "tits best trophy" then I do believe they have to be the best duo ever. Tits, you need a well-deserved rest now! Don't go breaking that boner, we need to keep you in top condition so the reports will keep coming! -Jeepster1.Tits is doing IT good so often these days that he has them reports coming in buckets! Come to think of it, he must have buckets of fuck money stashed away, too. Hats off, Tits! We're not worthy! Tits Mcfloppin 03-12-15, 09:57 He writes like this because he's a "writer" and he's afraid someone would recognize his style in a forum post.The worstest part of it is some people stalk them and that is not rite. But THE BEST part is my royalties from my books is given me a good month. BUT soon ima take a boner vacation for a bit. And thank everybuddy on the fuck team who is a cool dude. Tits Mcfloppin 03-12-15, 10:05 Tits is doing IT good so often these days that he has them reports coming in buckets! Come to think of it, he must have buckets of fuck money stashed away, too. Hats off, Tits! We're not worthy!Your all worthy my freind! BUT that is nice of you to say. BUT do what ever you got to do to see them twins. Take out a loan if you got to! Take out a loan pick up the phone call them twins and do IT good! Tits Mcfloppin 03-12-15, 10:12 LOL. You guys are toooo much.Everybuddy be cool to JENNY. Got to give her cred for no extra but fuck fee! Love you babe! Cullen 03-12-15, 10:14 Just got a a NR PM from Louisville twin Lindsay saying that both she and sister Kelli are in Nashville today and part of tomorrow! (Wednesday and Thursday) . Bucket list time, guys! Both Tits and I saw them in Louisville and they are spectacular! -Jeepster1.Damnit! This is the only thing that even comes close to making me regret being in LA this week. Jeepster1 03-12-15, 11:07 Damnit! This is the only thing that even comes close to making me regret being in LA this week.Yeah, I'm working out of town this week too. At least I got to sample the twin dynamos before. The downside is that I know exactly what we're missing! -Jeepster1. Red Rover 1969 03-12-15, 13:27 I was one of the privileged few to see the Twins while they were here, and All I can say is WOW! GFE / PSE is the most accurate way to put it. They make you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in the door, and then the next thing you know, it's go time! I highly recommend seeing these two, if you can. Hell, if you can't, make it happen anyway. They just might have ruined me for anyone else! KaintuckMan 03-12-15, 13:30 She is advertising in Nashville and Tampa Florida. Do not confuse her with the twins from louisville. I can vouch for Lexi Nexis as I have seen her twice on NR. Go Cats!! VanillaStick 03-12-15, 15:26 Damnit! This is the only thing that even comes close to making me regret being in LA this week.Dang Cullen, if you're in LA you got nothing to worry about. You should have pick of the liter out there. Tits Mcfloppin 03-12-15, 15:44 I was one of the privileged few to see the Twins while they were here, and All I can say is WOW! GFE / PSE is the most accurate way to put it. They make you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in the door, and then the next thing you know, it's go time! I highly recommend seeing these two, if you can. Hell, if you can't, make it happen anyway. They just might have ruined me for anyone else!Good job bro! You got it rite! GFE / PSE! Red Rover 1969 03-12-15, 21:20 Good job bro! You got it rite! GFE / PSE!They made me feel like the last man on earth! Jeepster1 03-13-15, 01:08 Dang Cullen, if you're in LA you got nothing to worry about. You should have pick of the liter out there.As you might guess, there are very few twin providers available anywhere. Patricia and Jezebel are the only ones I've found on the west coast, and I'm not certain they still work together. I was tempted to see them last time I was in LA, but they were 50 miles away in OC and I had a plane to catch! Their rate at the time was a daunting 700. LA is candyland for Latinas and Asians, though! -Jeepster1. http://www.eccie.net/showthread.php?p=1053377287 Jeepster1 03-13-15, 01:56 I was one of the privileged few to see the Twins while they were here, and All I can say is WOW! GFE / PSE is the most accurate way to put it. They make you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in the door, and then the next thing you know, it's go time! I highly recommend seeing these two, if you can. Hell, if you can't, make it happen anyway. They just might have ruined me for anyone else!Thanks for mentioning how comfortable they make you feel. What usually gets left out is that they have fun personalities and don't seem jaded at all. Face it, they know that they are awe-inspiring and that we are dumbstruck little boys in their presence. Others might use their advantage to dole out tepid service and nasty attitudes, but Lindsay and Kelli don't. They make sure we have a fun time, and they seem to enjoy seeing our reactions. I will always remember the drive home after our encounter. . . I just kept endlessly repeating, "Oh, my gawd! " -Jeepster1. SoilderBoy 03-13-15, 03:42 Does anybody know how long they are in town for. Jeepster1 03-13-15, 08:13 Does anybody know how long they are in town for.The Nashville BP ad is gone. You might try texting Lindsay; you can do a search for "twin" on Louisville BP and find her contact info. -Jeepster1. Red Rover 1969 03-13-15, 09:14 The Nashville BP ad is gone. You might try texting Lindsay; you can do a search for "twin" on Louisville BP and find her contact info. -Jeepster1.When I saw them them, they told me they were leaving yesterday afternoon and heading home. They said they really liked it here, and would be back. They said they were inundated with calls and texts, and felt bad that they couldn't see everybody. Cullen 03-13-15, 09:41 As you might guess, there are very few twin providers available anywhere. Patricia and Jezebel are the only ones I've found on the west coast, and I'm not certain they still work together. I was tempted to see them last time I was in LA, but they were 50 miles away in OC and I had a plane to catch! Their rate at the time was a daunting 700. LA is candyland for Latinas and Asians, though! -Jeepster1. http://www.eccie.net/showthread.php?p=1053377287I'm doing alright. I'm getting my pornstar itch scratched. TechBits 03-13-15, 10:41 Jezebel and Ms Patrice are the real deal, if you are inclined to see twins these 2 are unbelievable. I had the opportunity to see them when they were traveling once and then another couple of visits to the San Diego area. They are HOT and you cannot ask for more. They are premium ladies and carry a premium contribution. But hey sometimes you just have to go for it. I know I was very pleased after all the visits and want to see them again when I can afford it. I also saw them individually in SD and equally as great an experience. Did I mention they are beautiful! As you might guess, there are very few twin providers available anywhere. Patricia and Jezebel are the only ones I've found on the west coast, and I'm not certain they still work together. I was tempted to see them last time I was in LA, but they were 50 miles away in OC and I had a plane to catch! Their rate at the time was a daunting 700. LA is candyland for Latinas and Asians, though! -Jeepster1. http://www.eccie.net/showthread.php?p=1053377287 Crashdog 03-13-15, 11:44 Does anybody know how long they are in town for.Left Thursday morning. Kelli is on the way to me now with the white lingerie I got her 2 Christmas ago. Check out my previous posts to see the pics, you won't be disappointed. Mike1701 03-13-15, 16:47 Dudes! This is the newest grad of TMac UTR FUCK CAMP! If you remember fair VERONA well AVA WILD looks almost just like her BUT so much HOTTER! OH man she can ride a boner good! Me and her done IT mish dogy CG RCG and she gives BBBJ with BLS just make sure you wash them stinky balls 1st! She gots 1 of THE BEST pussys I ever eated! And I done the DATY along time and sucked her tits to! Now give a call to her and do IT good! Now go shave and wash your balls and tell her you want the TMac GFE ball licking BBBJ specel! 203 you got to see! 442 a BBBJ for you 6011 is pure heven! So give a call and do IT good!Hey, I did see her new NR add. Dang, she is a twin of Verona. Hell is she clone. So I know Verona could ride a Fat Boy well, so I betcha her clone can too. Glad you taught her well in your Fuck Camp. BlackHawk101 03-13-15, 17:38 Hey, I did see her new NR add. Dang, she is a twin of Verona. Hell is she clone. So I know Verona could ride a Fat Boy well, so I betcha her clone can too. Glad you taught her well in your Fuck Camp.Your killing me bro! I hear that she can not play until next week. VanillaStick 03-13-15, 17:39 As you might guess, there are very few twin providers available anywhere. Patricia and Jezebel are the only ones I've found on the west coast, and I'm not certain they still work together. I was tempted to see them last time I was in LA, but they were 50 miles away in OC and I had a plane to catch! Their rate at the time was a daunting 700. LA is candyland for Latinas and Asians, though! -Jeepster1. http://www.eccie.net/showthread.php?p=1053377287Dang those girls are hot, but the heck can afford that S#!T. Member #4886 03-13-15, 23:34 Hey, I did see her new NR add. Dang, she is a twin of Verona. Hell is she clone. So I know Verona could ride a Fat Boy well, so I betcha her clone can too. Glad you taught her well in your Fuck Camp.Hey! Maybe they're twins! The Nashville Twins! Password1977 03-14-15, 00:43 Hey! Maybe they're twins! The Nashville Twins!It's fair. I know. If sr members want the info. PM me. ChuckEpoo 03-19-15, 07:05 You guys in Nashville just keep getting blessed by Visits from Chattanoogas best. I just got off the phone with Mel aka Hotmilf and she just arrived and would enjoy some good company. I have had the pleasure of her company many times. When I'm in the area she is the one I call when availible. I have never read nothing but great reviews on Mel. I've never had less than an outstanding time with her. If you love a super girl friend experience with a passionate responsive young spinner of 27 years old 5'6" 110 lbs with a rock hard bady and yummy round backside then you don't want to miss Mel. Always super clean and low volume. She will only take a few calls while in town. I'm no where close to Nashville, 12 hours away to be honest but when I heard she was going to Nashville I wanted to give a heads up to my Nashville brothers. Mel is a single mom who is making ends meet. DDF great lady. I have some great pics but I'm not having luck uploading from my phone. ChuckEpoo 03-19-15, 09:44 370246370247370248370249370250370251370252. And in my opinion they don't really do her justice. WD401 03-19-15, 16:06 Does anyone know where Robin is or how to a hold of her? Pm Me if you don't want to share here. Thanks in advance. DoubleBeard 03-19-15, 17:19 Does anyone know where Robin is or how to a hold of her? Pm Me if you don't want to share here. Thanks in advance.http://nashville.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/great-face-and-im-in-a-great-place/12033842 Tits Mcfloppin 03-19-15, 18:51 DUDES! I seen MEL the HOTMILF82 today and she is hot and gots a hoter body then a 20 yr old! But she dreamed of me! She will know what I am talking about YES! There is many awards to give to her but 1st ima tell you we done the mish dogy BEST CBJ ever! And lots of boner play and we done THE rowmance! She is clasy and rowmantec! She wins a TITS BONER AWARD. THE 1st ever TITS MILF AWARD. And she is on the DON'T MISS TITS LIST! She is in town now so STOP WHAT YOUR DOING and give a try to her now! ChuckEpoo 03-20-15, 00:21 Ok tits and yall. It's time to send her back home to us. Yall getting spoilt and will start expecting Chattanooga to provide yall with our private black label stock every weekend. DUDES! I seen MEL the HOTMILF82 today and she is hot and gots a hoter body then a 20 yr old! But she dreamed of me! She will know what I am talking about YES! There is many awards to give to her but 1st ima tell you we done the mish dogy BEST CBJ ever! And lots of boner play and we done THE rowmance! She is clasy and rowmantec! She wins a TITS BONER AWARD. THE 1st ever TITS MILF AWARD. And she is on the DON'T MISS TITS LIST! She is in town now so STOP WHAT YOUR DOING and give a try to her now! LongTongue 03-20-15, 08:05 Anyone heard from her lately? I don't think she's been here since Jan. AxelR 03-20-15, 13:05 After reading review after review about Jenny, I had to sample the goods myself. Set-up was easy. Traffic was bad due to a couple of wrecks. However, Jenny was very sweet and understanding on the phone. Upon my arrival, I was met by a smiling little cutie dressed in lingerie. I was quickly sat down and made comfortable. There I received a lap dance to the slowly undressing Jenny. After the show, we got down to business where I received a very talented and enthusiastic BJ served up whe Jenny was on her hands and Knees waving her little money maker enticingly around. As I came to relax and be serviced, I blew it on her tits and was done. While Jenny was certainly up for more and I'm sure would be excellent, I left satisfied and relaxed. Love Ladies 03-20-15, 13:48 My first dream of Jenny was in Chattanooga. This lady is in an elite league. I had requested that she begin with a striptease and stripper slide. I walked in and the room was lit with only candles and the music was rocking. She threw me into a chair and away we went. (She has a hilarious and flirtation personality that is intoxicating.) Great experience. Since then, I have seen her numerous times. (We are so lucky that she occasionally comes our way.) Our time together includes everything from an overnight excursion to fantasy land to a "quick" visit. But every visit has been wonderful. She is so damn cute and has an ass to die for. Her body will blow you away, with perfect, all natural, adorable titties. Literally, her goal is to make sure that every client leaves happy and I can't imagine anyone leaving her without being thrilled. Go ride the Choo Choo! Chiatrimmer 03-20-15, 14:46 I just heard from Mel (hotmilf82). She said she had a cancellation and now has an opening for a lucky guy or two. She also mentioned that the Tits Mac award was premature, as she is just getting warmed up. A shout out to the friends in Chattanooga for the recommendations. Ast2471 03-20-15, 14:51 Visited for qk one and immediately realized I have visited this before about 1-2 month ago. She changed her name and pics (room number is still same). She is cubbier than pics. Nice face. Little talk. Service was very basic started with CBJ and then doggy missionary and doggy again. She has very nice ass and you will love it. Unfortunetly she was clock watcher to me. What else you can expect in. 5 $. Hl123 03-20-15, 15:22 I met her for the first time yesterday. All I can say is OMG, she is wild and awesome. Tits Mcfloppin 03-20-15, 18:31 DUDES! I seen MEL the HOTMILF82 today and she is hot and gots a hoter body then a 20 yr old! But she dreamed of me! She will know what I am talking about YES! There is many awards to give to her but 1st ima tell you we done the mish dogy BEST CBJ ever! And lots of boner play and we done THE rowmance! She is clasy and rowmantec! She wins a TITS BONER AWARD. THE 1st ever TITS MILF AWARD. And she is on the DON'T MISS TITS LIST! She is in town now so STOP WHAT YOUR DOING and give a try to her now!370414370415370416. Ok tits and yall. It's time to send her back home to us. Yall getting spoilt and will start expecting Chattanooga to provide yall with our private black label stock every weekend.Bro there is so much talunt come from the CHADANOOOGA that I maybe need to give a boner award to the hole city on behaf of the hole hoby! I just heard from Mel (hotmilf82). She said she had a cancellation and now has an opening for a lucky guy or two. She also mentioned that the Tits Mac award was premature, as she is just getting warmed up. A shout out to the friends in Chattanooga for the recommendations.YES! You know she is 1 of THE BEST of THE BEST of the MILFs and what my bro BLACKAWK calls a GRITS. That is gurl rased in the south. CHECK out that hot bod and she can do IT good to! She leeves tomorow so beter do IT good with her soon! Mike1701 03-20-15, 22:49 370414370415370416. Bro there is so much talunt come from the CHADANOOOGA that I maybe need to give a boner award to the hole city on behaf of the hole hoby! YES! You know she is 1 of THE BEST of THE BEST of the MILFs and what my bro BLACKAWK calls a GRITS. That is gurl rased in the south. CHECK out that hot bod and she can do IT good to! She leeves tomorow so beter do IT good with her soon!There is without no dought that some great girls have came from the. East. . Hell I remeber them all. I am glad that she came and got taught thru your fuck school. You have never gave out so. Many awards. Betcha she did it well. Tits, as many as you have taught, you should have your P. H. D. the. . (. Pussy hunting doctorate). Oh, as for G.R.I. T. S. , Gotarun said that not Blackhawk. You did get it right for what is stands for. Zallab 03-21-15, 00:16 Spent some time with HOTMILF82 today, wonderful young lady. Very accommodating to my chaotic weekend schedule. Opened the door with nothing but panties on smelling shower fresh. Worked her tongue over my body until she made her way to my boner. She was apprehensive about my boner being bigger that she anticipated. Regardless, she was up for a challenge and I gave her all she could handle before she tapped out. (CBJ, Miss, k9). I just need to give it to her more often so she will be use to it. LOL Definitely recommended while she is here. Erik 006 03-21-15, 03:49 Hello fellows! I am new to the board but have been a long time watcher and reader so I decided I would go ahead and become a member to associate with you all from time to time. Yesterday I donated some of my time to the 'Heart' foundation and I just wanted to give ya'll some insight to my first experience with J. H. Man all I can say that she is the nicest and sweetest person that I have ever spent hobby time with! What I have read from TMAC about her doing IT good is spot on for sure!! Man I may have to get a second job in order to make sure this foundation keeps going strong and visiting our nice city! Anyways, guys if you haven't been to the 'Heart' foundation you are missing something very special for sure!! I know my report isn't close to TMAC'S but I have a long ways to go to be in his league. Be safe out there guys, lots of stuff going on in our neck of the woods. Erik. Red Rover 1969 03-21-15, 09:14 I met her for the first time yesterday. All I can say is OMG, she is wild and awesome.She's on my list of places to visit. Any girl that gets an OMG must be alright! Tits Mcfloppin 03-21-15, 11:43 There is without no dought that some great girls have came from the. East. . Hell I remeber them all. I am glad that she came and got taught thru your fuck school. You have never gave out so. Many awards. Betcha she did it well. Tits, as many as you have taught, you should have your P. H. D. the. . (. Pussy hunting doctorate). Oh, as for G.R.I. T. S. , Gotarun said that not Blackhawk. You did get it right for what is stands for.Thanks bro! You are a cool dude for saying nice stuf. BUT I am more of a FARMER when it come to the pussy. I get it fresh! Spent some time with HOTMILF82 today, wonderful young lady. Very accommodating to my chaotic weekend schedule. Opened the door with nothing but panties on smelling shower fresh. Worked her tongue over my body until she made her way to my boner. She was apprehensive about my boner being bigger that she anticipated. Regardless, she was up for a challenge and I gave her all she could handle before she tapped out. (CBJ, Miss, k9). I just need to give it to her more often so she will be use to it. LOL Definitely recommended while she is here.Good job bro! That is doing it good! The more big boners she gets the beter BUT to all the dudes with a littel boner you will like to do IT good with her to! Hello fellows! I am new to the board but have been a long time watcher and reader so I decided I would go ahead and become a member to associate with you all from time to time. Yesterday I donated some of my time to the 'Heart' foundation and I just wanted to give ya'll some insight to my first experience with J. H. Man all I can say that she is the nicest and sweetest person that I have ever spent hobby time with! What I have read from TMAC about her doing IT good is spot on for sure!! Man I may have to get a second job in order to make sure this foundation keeps going strong and visiting our nice city! Anyways, guys if you haven't been to the 'Heart' foundation you are missing something very special for sure!! I know my report isn't close to TMAC'S but I have a long ways to go to be in his league. Be safe out there guys, lots of stuff going on in our neck of the woods. Erik.Hi ERK! Wellcum to fuck club! Glad you seen JH and was doing IT good. She give me a boner! Fredies Dream 03-21-15, 12:49 Anyone seen or heard from Posh in the last couple weeks? Or any current info about her? FunnyUy 03-21-15, 14:32 Hot MILF looks nice. How can I contact her? It looks like she is UTR. Thanks for the help. Love Ladies 03-21-15, 22:39 Anyone seen or heard from Posh in the last couple weeks? Or any current info about her?She posted on NR today. She is still around. Fraaak 03-22-15, 01:50 Anytime know whatever happened to Sexy Lola? Mike1701 03-22-15, 10:38 Thanks bro! You are a cool dude for saying nice stuf. BUT I am more of a FARMER when it come to the pussy. I get it fresh! Good job bro! That is doing it good! The more big boners she gets the beter BUT to all the dudes with a littel boner you will like to do IT good with her to! Hi ERK! Wellcum to fuck club! Glad you seen JH and was doing IT good. She give me a boner!Damn it, Tits. You are just an ol country boy. Let's you and I have a brewster together. Oh, as Glockman said, the worst BBBJ beats the best CBJ. Ask him, he has said that for years. I kind of agree, with Glock. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?2760-Tucson-escort-list|_|Register Help Remember Me? Front Page Forum FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders What's New? Photo Gallery Abbreviations Advanced Search Forum States & Cities Arizona Tucson Tucson escort list If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. The NEW classified site is ready for testing. If you want to help, or get a look at it click this link Click here for the FAQ about the Beta Site Thanks, A2 Thread: Tucson escort list + Add Report Page 1 of 4 1 2 3 4 Last Jump to page: Results 1 to 15 of 60 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… This blog is moderated by lvlatinas 06-07-14 06:28 #60 Daka1 View Profile View Forum Posts Posts: 138 Look at the date that post was written Originally Posted by MrPicky  [View Original Post] Which one was your favorite. It's good to see people reading past posts here, but if you note the date that he posted, it's now over 6 years ago! Jenni apparently retired, and Mazzy left town. It's been at least several years since either has advertised here. Just sayin'. D Reply With Quote 06-07-14 01:07 #59 MrPicky View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 17 Originally Posted by Coeltrain  [View Original Post] Jinny of Sandiago last Oct, and Mazzy tonight, both well worth doing. I wrote TER reports on them. Safe and worth the extra money. Which one was your favorite. Reply With Quote 11-07-10 04:00 #58 Ninalove View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 7 Commercial Message deleted by Admin EDITOR'S NOTE: This report was deleted because it appeared to be a commercial message and/or it contained links to a commercial website. Please post reports consisting primarily of a commercial nature and/or reports with links to commercial websites in the Classified Advertisement section of the Forum. Please read the Forum's Posting Guidelines and the Forum's FAQ for further information. Reply With Quote 08-01-08 11:15 #57 Coeltrain View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 93 A good time in Tucson Well been here 4 days, Saw Jenni of San diego, and Velvet Rose. Both do a very good job on Mr. Happy, but I have to say Rose gets my vote for the best bang for the buck. Was my first time with Rose, she loves DATY, made my trip getting her off over and over. Will repeat next time I'm in town. Reply With Quote 07-15-08 23:42 #56 Daka1 View Profile View Forum Posts Posts: 138 Tucson Adult Service Providers This thread is about three years old. It started with a list of eleven providers; several more were added over the next six months. A while back, I undertook a current, "comprehensive" list of ASPs serving the greater Tucson area, including Oro Valley, Tucson, Mt. Lemmon, and Green Valley. I compiled a list of over seventy ladies. Those included are escorts (incall and outcall), BDSM providers (dominant and submissive), tantric sex providers, and sensual massage practitioners. Not included are strippers, streetwalkers, AMP workers, models, or porn stars. I didn't even look at CL, and nobody who had a presence solely on BP was included, either. Further, those ladies with obviously bad reviews were excluded. This is not to say that all of these ladies are goddesses... The diversity of these women is quite surprising. Ages range from 18 to over 50. Some are part-time and others are full-time providers. Some have been in the business for many years, while others are just getting started. The collective level of education, knowledge, skills, experience, interests, and services of these ladies is truly daunting. Educational backgrounds include the arts, business, sciences, technology, and engineering. Many have nursing, health, or medical technology backgrounds. All ethnic groups are represented. Prices range from about $180 to $500 an hour. Here are some statistics that may be of interest: -- 74% publish a phone number -- 49% advertise an email address (others may be contacted via email by clicking a link in an ad) -- 44% have a website -- 26% have all-of-the-above published means of contact -- 29% advertise BDSM or fetish/fantasy services (but more will provide) -- 60% are reviewed on TER (some others are reviewed elsewhere) -- 53% advertise on SEXCIA -- 50% advertise on BP -- 24% advertise on FindALay -- 24% advertise on CV -- 19% advertise on SexyEscortAds -- 14% advertise on ErosGuide There are over two dozen places where ASPs that serve the greater Tucson area advertise. If any of this piques your interest, you are encouraged to do your own research, and share some of it here. Reply With Quote 06-01-08 16:07 #55 Kastagir98 View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 165 Only 3 months! Well, no one has posted since my last one in Feb here - but so all know, Natasha was worth the wait. A very nice girl who gives a legit, professional ,massage. She even fixed my shoulder. I had a tough time working out the next day - she beat the tar out of me. But, I highly recommend. Reply With Quote 02-15-08 23:37 #54 Kastagir98 View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 165 Natasha Originally Posted by Daka1 Yes. I can't say enough positive things about her. While she won't appeal to everyone, I find myself totally smitten by her rare beauty, friendly attitude, enthusiasm, intelligence, knowledge, skill, and open-mindedness. She exudes a raw sensuality. I shall return as often as I can. Natasha is a Tantric Goddess of the first order. If you look, you'll see that she has quite a few awesome reviews. D Again with Natasha? That's it. Got to sell some blood and visit this goddess. Daka has sold me. You should get kick-backs, dude. Reply With Quote 02-15-08 02:16 #53 Coeltrain View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 93 Tucson backpage.com Landed two for me Jinny of Sandiago last Oct, and Mazzy tonight, both well worth doing. I wrote TER reports on them. Safe and worth the extra money. Reply With Quote 02-03-08 21:07 #52 Daka1 View Profile View Forum Posts Posts: 138 Natasha Erotica Originally Posted by TheTree Anyone ever been with Natasha? Yes. I can't say enough positive things about her. While she won't appeal to everyone, I find myself totally smitten by her rare beauty, friendly attitude, enthusiasm, intelligence, knowledge, skill, and open-mindedness. She exudes a raw sensuality. I shall return as often as I can. Natasha is a Tantric Goddess of the first order. If you look, you'll see that she has quite a few awesome reviews. D Reply With Quote 01-26-07 15:44 #51 lvlatinas View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 82 Originally Posted by Fs Lvr I've been trying to set up an incall with Mystic a prolific mature CL girl. So far, she seems pretty cool. I'll let you know how it goes. -- Steve Proceed with extreme caution. Someone posted to CL that she has a crack smoking boyfriend who has exposed her to HIV. Reply With Quote 01-16-07 21:10 #50 WorldTraveller View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 143 Mystic??? Originally Posted by Fs Lvr I've been trying to set up an incall with Mystic a prolific mature CL girl. So far, she seems pretty cool. I'll let you know how it goes. -- Steve Just wondering if there is an update??? Reply With Quote 01-12-07 01:52 #49 DrStrangelove View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 2 Thanks LoveLOS The truth is that I don't see much there also. Seems that in Arizona the best place is to go to Phoenix. Again, my question is whats the best and safest way to get it in Arizona: Street Walkers? Really I wouldn't do it in any part of the world. Hope no one gets offended, but I prefer to play it safe. Classified Aids? There are very few in Tucson, but many in Phoenix. Been reading a lot, and didn't see nothing of my taste in Tucson. In phoenix there are, but I don't know how real they are. Strip Clubs? It seems a lot of work, having to talk, having to go to the VIP, and spending too much if what I want is actually sex, not dances. Others??? Only you can tell me. So my question basically is only one, whats the best way and where? It looks that the classifieds at Phoenix are the best way, but the photos can be false. On the other hand the Strip Clubs you can be sure you get what you see (that if you get it). So again, whats the best way? Also, I would love to know, when you tell me the best options, what risks I have, and how to avoid them. Thats the only real question I have. Thanks, Dr Strangelove. Reply With Quote 01-11-07 02:26 #48 LoveLOS View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 1277 Originally Posted by DrStrangelove Ive been a month and a week already, and I'm starting to desperate. Please help me, I still have 2 more months here. Strangeguy, No offense on messing with your screen name, I do that to everyone. You ask a lot of questions, and it seems your customs are different as you are from a different culture. Can't help you with regular girls, that is not the topic of this board nor in my interest area. This may help - until you read this forum and the archived forums, you will probably not understand the USA's laws nor how Tucson works. I would suggest getting out your reading glasses. For the immediate need, I would suggest you go down to Nogales, where you have the hispanic culture, language and the "norms" of getting paid sex are more familliar to you. enjoy, LoveLOS Reply With Quote 01-11-07 01:51 #47 Fs Lvr View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 190 Originally Posted by Da Vinchy I've seen a bunch of ads on CL from Mia and I finally broke down. She is not the same girl as in the picture, but she is quite pretty: tall, blonde, young. Her body is decent and clean. Her attitude was a little coked out. Very talkative. I offered her a drink to calm down, and she took it. I thought that was a good sign. She started with a rough CBJ. It was OK, but that might have been the Viagra talking. I definitely prefer BBBJ, and for $$.25, I thought that I would get it. We proceeded to doggie and mish. DATY was refused. I finished with her saying: "Are you done?" Greek was offered but extra. That was it. After about 20min, she was dressed and headed out the door. Very rushed. I've been trying to set up an incall with Mystic a prolific mature CL girl. So far, she seems pretty cool. I'll let you know how it goes. -- Steve Reply With Quote 01-10-07 17:54 #46 DrStrangelove View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 2 New to tucson Hi, I'm from Argentina. Been a member for a long time, but didn't post. Mostly entered in Buenos Aires posts. I even met the owner of this page (I think it was) in a party in Buenos Aires (BairesPlat party some months ago). Also been active in forums there.(same or similar name) Maybe this is not the right place to put that. IF its not, please if an administrator can, move it to where it should be, and sorry. I've been send to Tucson Arizona for some months, and really don't know how to manage here, how to get sex. Paid, or not that much paid. Been for a month, and I don't know where to get action, so if people of here know and can tell me I would be very grateful. This is what I would love to know: 1) Where are bars, and places for picjup girls? Not only escorts. Im 33 years old, and not that bad good looking, so I also go to bars to get girls, but here I really don't know where to go. I mean common girls to meet, not escorts. 2) Also I searched for escorts in internet, and didn't find much. Which are the best? I liked this one, but don't know how they work here. 3) What should I expect for a service here. Conventional? Anal? Girls Kiss here? Should I ask for Girlfriend relationship? 4) I don't like streetwalkers, but massage could be, if they give also escort services. 5) How do you manage here the location. The girls generally have apartment? They go to your apartment? Is there extra for that? 6) Also noticed that in phoenix, there are a lot more of escorts. Is it better to go on weekends there that trying in Tucson? I Actually saw one that I liked a lot, but got me with strange things thought the mail, many requirements. 7) About last post. this girl (http://www.twincherry.com/) asked me for my working phone. I couldn't give it to her, I work in Argentina, but I don't know if I should give her either. Is this a common practice? Enyone knows this girl, or can refer me to avoid this? 8) Strip clubs. Are there girls acting as escorts there? In my country I would go to one, and know for sure, but here no. How do you manage that? which are the bests to go? Ive been a month and a week already, and I'm starting to desperate. Please help me, I still have 2 more months here. Thanks, DrStrangelove Reply With Quote + Add Report Page 1 of 4 1 2 3 4 Last Jump to page: « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Posting Limitations You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is Off HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us USA Sex Guide Archive Top All times are GMT -4. The time now is 19:40. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Website owned by USASG Internet Properties, Inc. Copyright ©2000 - 2015 All Rights Reserved
http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?4532-Escort-Classified-Ads-Posted-by-Escorts-No-Reviews-or-Commentary|_|Register Help Remember Me? Front Page Forum FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders What's New? Photo Gallery Abbreviations Advanced Search Forum States & Cities Hawaii Honolulu Escort Classified Ads - Posted by Escorts - No Reviews or Commentary If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. ATTENTION HONOLULU POSTERS Effective immediately, posters in the Honolulu forum are prohibited from criticizing, complaining about or discussing other forum members. This restriction includes any speculation regarding another member's suspected aliases or business affiliations. This restriction is necessary to stop the endlessly pointless rhetoric. The 1st violation will result in the perpetrator being placed on Permanent Moderation status. The 2nd violation will result in the perpetrator being permanently banned from the Forum. I am sure that I will need to ban one or more members before everybody takes this seriously, but I'm tired of dealing with these constant arguments. Please us the "Report Post" link at the bottom of every post in the forum to advise me of any violations of this restriction. The NEW classified site is ready for testing. If you want to help, or get a look at it click this link Click here for the FAQ about the Beta Site Thanks, A2 Thread: Escort Classified Ads - Posted by Escorts - No Reviews or Commentary Closed Thread Page 1 of 46 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... Last Jump to page: Results 1 to 15 of 690 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… This forum thread is moderated by Admin 06-07-15 00:18 #690 Admin2 View Profile View Forum Posts Administrator Posts: 3150 Time has come Hello Ladies; In our continuing efforts to improve the USA Sex Guide we are rolling out an affiliate site called the USA Adult Classifieds. The link is http://usaadultclassifieds.info so let's start by clicking there. When you get to the site there is a button that says "Advertiser Registration" click that. Once you do you're going to see a page asking for your username and password, just put in the same user name and password you have here at the USASG. We wanted to set it up so that everybody who has a name here will have the same name there. Don't worry, if they don't have your password it wont let them register. Only the person with the username AND current password can register that name. After that it will tell you to log in. Once you do that in the top right there is a little box that says "Change Your Location:" choose the city you want to post in. Once you are there, click the Button that says "Post Ad" I would assume most of you are going to choose Escort as the category. Then fill out the ad and add your pictures and post it. Make sure the picture files are less than 50 megabytes. This is IMPORTANT! You can talk about rates for time or you can talk about sex acts you enjoy, you can't talk about both! I've cleared out my PM's and will be close to the computer most of the night to answer any questions. I've closed this thread (but not deleted any of the info on it) so that after this post nobody can post here anymore. A2 One more time, here's the link http://usaadultclassifieds.info Again, this is IMPORTANT! You can talk about rates for time or you can talk about sex acts you enjoy, you can't talk about both! That includes B-n-G, if you do both I have to delete the ad. Guys you DO NOT have to register there to use the site. All of the ladies that post there are registered here as escorts, you can use their name there to PM them here, though I can't promise they will answer. 06-06-15 20:48 #689 HelloKittySpa View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 4 New Local Hottie From Maui at Hello Hawaii Kitty Spa! Hello guys! Topaz stands at 5 ft 5 in and weights 125 pounds! She's very sweet and friendly! Call 8083084528. Attached Thumbnails         06-05-15 01:23 #688 AbbyJane View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 7 I am only here for two more weeks Email me your phone number. I am 100% independent but for those who don't believe that I am Real here is a photo of me and another photo. No I do not work with her. No two girl specials. Attached Thumbnails   06-04-15 14:01 #687 HelloKittySpa View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 4 Kanta now at Hello kitty Spa! Hi guys! Call to make an appointment today !8082123399. Attached Thumbnails         05-25-15 03:27 #686 Kristal View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 18 Kristal Come see me tonight at Roses! (949) 436-6824. I'm ready to fulfill your fantasies! Xoxo, Kristal. Attached Thumbnails         05-23-15 00:23 #685 Joon808 View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 3 Joon Hi honey! I'm a tall and athletic Asian girl looking to have some fun this long weekend! My incall location is very discreet and I do outcalls to major hotels in Waikiki only. I was always told that I am beautiful in and out and my sessions are pleasant and memorable. My time with you will never be rushed. I'm looking forward to enjoying each other's company. 200 hr incall 300 hr outcall with 3 hr advanced notice. 260 hr incall 350 hr outcall without the notice. Give me a call at 808-499-4297 Ask for holiday weekend specials. No texts or blocked calls. XOXO. Attached Thumbnails           05-22-15 13:22 #684 Hellokitty1990 View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 49 Available now I am a sexy Asian girl who wants to keep you company and have fun with you. Let's have fun together. I will make sure you leave with a smile. Half hour is $150 One hour is $200 2 hours is $250. Hmu at 8087781176. I will make sure you have fun leave with a smile. I am on the west side. I do only out call right now. I have pictures. 05-18-15 21:24 #683 Sexxxy Sabrina View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 48 Sexy Sabrina, make me an offer I can't refuse Hello gentlemen and bad boys please be advised that I have a new phone number it is 808 778 3350. I am still available with very flexible hours for your busy schedule. For you guys who don't know me I am an attractive, mature, insatiable, submissive, MILF with a bubbly personality and I love what I do and I think it shows, let's see if you agree I am the best at what I do. I love doing everything your wifey hates. Since I haven't had a reliable contact number business has been extremely slow and I could really use your help to get my phone ringing I would like to present you with a make me an offer I can't refuse special, I know other girls who have tried something similar and it seemed to have worked out well for them. Please put donation in an envelope with gift written on the front of it. Attached Thumbnails     05-18-15 16:49 #682 AbbyJane View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 7 Very petite& sweet treat available for daydate-outcall / nightdate-in&amp;outcall I am a 21 yo curvy and open minded young lady. I might look sassy but I am actually very sweet. I am available for a very sensual and unrushed GFE. I will be providing outcall-afternoon-specials today for waiks, ala moana, and liliha. icloudatyahoo@gmail.com send me a message for contact details. Let's please each other on your break. Attached Thumbnails       05-18-15 01:56 #681 Hellokitty1990 View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 49 Sexy playmate available now I am a sexy Asian girl who wants to keep you company and have fun with you. Let's have fun together. One hour is $200 2 hours is $300. Hmu at 8087781176. I will make sure you have fun leave with a smile. I am on the west side. I do only out call right now. 05-17-15 11:05 #680 Hellokitty1990 View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 49 Sexy playmate available now I am a sexy Asian girl who wants to keep you company and have fun with you. Let's have fun together. One hour is $200 2 hours is $300. Hmu at 8087781176. I will make sure you have fun leave with a smile. Attached Thumbnails   05-17-15 05:53 #679 Kristal View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 18 Come visit me at Rose's 1344 Young St. 808-591-9117. Appointments and Walk-ins. Smooches, Kristal. Attached Thumbnails   05-14-15 12:18 #678 HelloKittySpa View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 4 Hello Kitty Spa Hi guys! Come relax with us in a clean spacious five bedroom two bathroom high rise condo. Our hours are 8 am to 10 pm but you can find us at a different location after hours just call for more info. We offer a true GFE expierence and you will never be rushed! Some girls are very open minded just ask. Call 8083084528. Attached Thumbnails       05-07-15 22:15 #677 HelloKittySpa View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 4 Hello Kitty Spa's Line up! Hi guys! Come relax with us in a clean spacious five bedroom two bathroom high rise condo. Our hours are 8 am to 10 pm but you can find us at a different location after hours just call for more info. We offer a true GFE expierence and you will never be rushed! Some girls are very open minded just ask. Call 8083084528. 04-28-15 15:37 #676 French Gfe View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 18 Stunning brunette from Montreal in Hon. April 29-May 2 and Maui May 3-8th!! Hello gentlemen, The gorgeous and open-minded Coralie from Montreal will be visiting Honolulu April 29-May 2nd and Maui March 3rd-8th!. ALL WEEK PROMO: 2 h /500! . Coralie. Stunning brunette with pretty face! 5'7- 138 pounds (Tight and delicious curves in the right places). 36 the (natural) -25-38. Long Brown hair- Hazel eyes. 26 years old. Open-minded and eager to please GFE / PSE. TER I'd 142165. View our website for more info: www.frenchgfevip.com To reserve a rendezvous now: info@frenchgfevip.com ** Please include a method of screening in your message if you are new with us! Thank you, Tasha xxx. Closed Thread Page 1 of 46 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... Last Jump to page: « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Posting Limitations You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is Off HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us USA Sex Guide Archive Top All times are GMT -4. The time now is 19:40. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Website owned by USASG Internet Properties, Inc. Copyright ©2000 - 2015 All Rights Reserved
http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?5865-Positive-Escort-Reviews|_|Register Help Remember Me? Front Page Forum FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders What's New? Photo Gallery Abbreviations Advanced Search Forum States & Cities Florida Orlando/Central Florida Positive Escort Reviews If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. The NEW classified site is ready for testing. If you want to help, or get a look at it click this link Click here for the FAQ about the Beta Site Thanks, A2 Thread: Positive Escort Reviews + Add Report Page 1 of 645 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 51 101 501 ... Last Jump to page: Results 1 to 15 of 9666 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… This forum thread is moderated by Admin 10-04-16 09:44 #9666 LilBunnyDoll View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 29 Thanks sweetie Originally Posted by DaddyOh  [View Original Post] I first contacted her by pm on this board via her LilBunnyDoll account. We then took our conversation via her e-mail, which she prefers - anya6211@gmail.com. She has a website too. She has a verification process, which I didn't have a problem with. We scheduled a meeting a few days in advance. Communication was prompt every time I wrote her. She only does outcalls. On the evening of our meeting, She texted me to let me know traffic was bad and would be a little late, as she had to take an UBER. When she arrived, I was very pleased by her appearance. A very pretty young Asian lady. She likes to talk and get to know you. She is attending college, and it was refreshing to speak to a classy, intelligent woman. She is a low volume provider, and isn't on hard drugs. In my dream, we adjourned to the bedroom. I played with her breasts before helping myself to some delicious DATY, which she seemed to enjoy, because then she really got into kissing. Did some mish position which was covered followed by a BBBJ. GFE. She let me know when our hour was up, so you may want to keep that in mind, but YMMV. But we did spend an hour together talking before the dream hour. $$ for the hour. I would repeat. It has been a couple years since my last dream when a provider stole some items from my home. Anya's reviews were all positive on this site and another site I checked out, so I felt comfortable about inviting her over. She may be leaving the state at the end of this year. I'm glad you had a good time, I'm also glad you trusted me to have me over, you were very fun company and I enjoyed our time together <3. I hope to see you again sometime. XOXOX. Reply With Quote 10-03-16 16:15 #9665 PoorMan101 View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 7 Samantha Brie http://reviewed.com.nashville.escort...st/6787130969/ The night before I was lucky enough to see Lexi the young frickle face, small titty girl with a big ass yumi. And today I decided to try someone older. Called Samantha passed her questions, said she would be over in 20 mins. I jumped in the shower to get ready, once I came out, she called my cell asking me if I got her text, I said no, She said she left cause she didn't see a license plate from and. C. I told her I wasn't from and. C. She said my number was not searchable, I tried to explain but she pretty much said, there was nothing I can say or do to make her change her mind. Thought that was mean. I just took my blue pill too, now I have to call someone else. Oh well. Guess you better get your ducks in a row to get Samantha, She's just average looking. Reply With Quote 10-03-16 07:41 #9664 ChuckNoris View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 2 Hello Originally Posted by NaughtyBoy1  [View Original Post] I guess this is your first post. If yes, welcome aboard, but nothing can be understood from your very first post. It will Jack up the value if you write damage, link and how much time the dream was? Simply writing it was awesome and she is good points us to her management bf, IMHO. Yes this was my first review. And sorry it was so brief. I gathered that BCD details were not appropriate? I just moved from Texas. And was on ECCIE over there. However I noticed that ECCIE is not used much in Orlando. Definitely not a boyfriend. But would love to be! Happy trails. Reply With Quote 10-02-16 13:57 #9663 Dahlia718 View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 207 It's the Cuban Coffee I love the O in the mOrning Puts a litte pep in my step the rest of the day (wink). Xo. Originally Posted by OliverOil  [View Original Post] Is a morning workout with Dahlia, just don't expect to get much done the rest of the morning. I don't know where she gets all that energy but she can put the O in your mOrning for sure. OO. http://orlando.backpage.com/FemaleEs...monte/16941242 Reply With Quote 10-02-16 13:54 #9662 Dahlia718 View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 207 We always have a blast. Ahh, thanks you love. I am definitely at my best in the morning. Xo. D. * next time Farrah said will direct. Originally Posted by MiniMan27  [View Original Post] I got to spend some time with this bombshell in the early AM for A pre work GFE cardio session and all I can say is what A workout she worked me so good that I almost didn't make it to work, and with this amazing lady it never gets old it just gets better and always has you guessing on what she has planed for you from all her special outfits and themes, I pray she never leaves us, she's one that it never feels like A session it's just A adventure and she's one hell of A Trainer so get your membership pre screened if your not already A member and you will be in one of the best workouts you've had in along time A++. http://missdahliaorlando.com/ Reply With Quote 10-01-16 17:18 #9661 ObbyWan View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 2 Jaz / Kelli Originally Posted by Gorgie  [View Original Post] I called up Jaz to meetup and I ended up seeing her twin Kellie. She had a super tight and wet kitty that only a 19 year old could have!! I had a great time but it sure was a test of stamina with how great she was. I would repeat but I would love to see her move to a better neighborhood for incalls. She was off the trail when I saw her. A link to their page or number would be nice. Thanks. Reply With Quote 10-01-16 11:04 #9660 LexiMarie View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 1 Thank you bby Originally Posted by ChuckNoris  [View Original Post] I had a wonderful dream about Lexi. She is beautiful and we had a great time. I guess she is tired of hearing about her pictures and airbrushing? I don't see the issue. As those were professional studio pics. Extra makeup is all. She is a wonderful and enthusiastic person. Dreaming of course. I was so excited I didn't last long. But I will have another dream soon. Thank you so much for stopping by babe, I know next time will be even better. Happy hunting mongers LOL. Reply With Quote 10-01-16 08:21 #9659 MiniMan27 View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 91 Re Best way to start the day Yes sir Energizer and Duracell have nothing on her, The lovely Farrah is right behind her she's another lil firecracker, It was A good day and I wasn't to productive the rest of the day. LOL. Originally Posted by OliverOil  [View Original Post] Is a morning workout with Dahlia, just don't expect to get much done the rest of the morning. I don't know where she gets all that energy but she can put the O in your mOrning for sure. OO. http://orlando.backpage.com/FemaleEs...monte/16941242 Reply With Quote 10-01-16 08:00 #9658 OliverOil View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 512 Best way to start the day Originally Posted by MiniMan27  [View Original Post] I got to spend some time with this bombshell in the early AM for A pre work GFE cardio session and all I can say is what A workout she worked me so good that I almost didn't make it to work, and with this amazing lady it never gets old it just gets better and always has you guessing on what she has planed for you from all her special outfits and themes, I pray she never leaves us, she's one that it never feels like A session it's just A adventure and she's one hell of A Trainer so get your membership pre screened if your not already A member and you will be in one of the best workouts you've had in along time A++. http://missdahliaorlando.com/ Is a morning workout with Dahlia, just don't expect to get much done the rest of the morning. I don't know where she gets all that energy but she can put the O in your mOrning for sure. OO. http://orlando.backpage.com/FemaleEs...monte/16941242 Attached Thumbnails     Reply With Quote 10-01-16 07:03 #9657 MiniMan27 View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 91 Dahlia I got to spend some time with this bombshell in the early AM for A pre work GFE cardio session and all I can say is what A workout she worked me so good that I almost didn't make it to work, and with this amazing lady it never gets old it just gets better and always has you guessing on what she has planed for you from all her special outfits and themes, I pray she never leaves us, she's one that it never feels like A session it's just A adventure and she's one hell of A Trainer so get your membership pre screened if your not already A member and you will be in one of the best workouts you've had in along time A++. http://missdahliaorlando.com/ Reply With Quote 09-29-16 15:31 #9656 Ezo222 View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 5 Positive Back page Review Had a dream about a wonderful lady I met on back page. Her name was Sweet Melissa. I text her and was surprised of how quick she responed. She asked for a donation of 100 roses for half hour. Gave me the address which was a hotel in West Kissimmee and I was on my way. When I arrived I was surprised at how beautiful she was. Her pics on the ad did her no justice. Her room was clean and I can say I felt pretty safe. I gave her the donation and was able to have a relaxing adult conversation with her with out all of the street lingo. She undressed and I was very satisfied with her body. I was especially approving in how she expressed that she always plays it safe. My Half hour session was unforgettable and she exceeded all of my expectations. I will be dreaming of her again and can't wait. Highly Recommended. Reply With Quote 09-29-16 11:06 #9655 ThaaAtOne View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 15 Link You're right. I forgot the link. http://farrahgfe4u.callgirlfiles.com/ I don't like going into much detail in terms of what happens behind closed doors between 2 adults LOL. Uncle LEO is quite the trickster. PM if yall want to know more. Originally Posted by Camera3  [View Original Post] Welcome to the neighborhood. I see your first few posts are review and Intel related. Thank you for that. Many times new guys start with asking for free Intel or spouting something they know nothing of. It is appreciated by many of us that you are trying to provide some useful info. One thing I might suggest is, it is considered appropriate and even useful to include a link to an ad or, even better, a screen shot of an ad, since ads come and go. Also, things like type of service and donation are helpful. Keep up the good work, and play safe. C3. Reply With Quote 09-29-16 10:48 #9654 NaughtyBoy1 View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 383 I guess this is your first post. If yes, welcome aboard, but nothing can be understood from your very first post. It will Jack up the value if you write damage, link and how much time the dream was? Simply writing it was awesome and she is good points us to her management bf, IMHO. Originally Posted by ChuckNoris  [View Original Post] I had a wonderful dream about Lexi. She is beautiful and we had a great time. I guess she is tired of hearing about her pictures and airbrushing? I don't see the issue. As those were professional studio pics. Extra makeup is all. She is a wonderful and enthusiastic person. Dreaming of course. I was so excited I didn't last long. But I will have another dream soon. Reply With Quote 09-29-16 07:25 #9653 ChuckNoris View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 2 Lexi dream I had a wonderful dream about Lexi. She is beautiful and we had a great time. I guess she is tired of hearing about her pictures and airbrushing? I don't see the issue. As those were professional studio pics. Extra makeup is all. She is a wonderful and enthusiastic person. Dreaming of course. I was so excited I didn't last long. But I will have another dream soon. Reply With Quote 09-29-16 03:29 #9652 Camera3 View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 1416 Welcome new guy Originally Posted by ThaaAtOne  [View Original Post] THAT ASS THO! Let me just preface this review with 'you get what you pay for'. You'll spend some hard earned mario coins, but you'll be weak at the knee's when she's finished with you. Farrah will never look at the clock and give you 2 cups if JR can get back up again. Treat this gal right and your satisfaction will be 2-fold. Thaaaaatoneeee. Welcome to the neighborhood. I see your first few posts are review and Intel related. Thank you for that. Many times new guys start with asking for free Intel or spouting something they know nothing of. It is appreciated by many of us that you are trying to provide some useful info. One thing I might suggest is, it is considered appropriate and even useful to include a link to an ad or, even better, a screen shot of an ad, since ads come and go. Also, things like type of service and donation are helpful. Keep up the good work, and play safe. C3. Reply With Quote + Add Report Page 1 of 645 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 51 101 501 ... Last Jump to page: « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Posting Limitations You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is Off HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us USA Sex Guide Archive Top All times are GMT -4. The time now is 19:40. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Website owned by USASG Internet Properties, Inc. Copyright ©2000 - 2015 All Rights Reserved
http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?5959-Escort-Classified-Ads-Posted-by-Escorts-No-Reviews-or-Commentary|_|Register Help Remember Me? Front Page Forum FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders What's New? Photo Gallery Abbreviations Advanced Search Forum States & Cities California Los Angeles Escort Classified Ads - Posted by Escorts - No Reviews or Commentary If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. The NEW classified site is ready for testing. If you want to help, or get a look at it click this link Click here for the FAQ about the Beta Site Thanks, A2 Thread: Escort Classified Ads - Posted by Escorts - No Reviews or Commentary Closed Thread Page 1 of 11 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... Last Jump to page: Results 1 to 15 of 157 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… This forum thread is moderated by Admin 06-04-15 23:28 #157 Admin2 View Profile View Forum Posts Administrator Posts: 3150 Time has come Hello Ladies; In our continuing efforts to improve the USA Sex Guide we are rolling out an affiliate site called the USA Adult Classifieds. The link is http://usaadultclassifieds.info so let's start by clicking there. When you get to the site there is a button that says "Advertiser Registration" click that. Once you do you're going to see a page asking for your username and password, just put in the same user name and password you have here at the USASG. We wanted to set it up so that everybody who has a name here will have the same name there. Don't worry, if they don't have your password it wont let them register. Only the person with the username AND current password can register that name. After that it will tell you to log in. Once you do that in the top right there is a little box that says "Change Your Location:" choose the city you want to post in. Once you are there, click the Button that says "Post Ad" I would assume most of you are going to choose Escort as the category. Then fill out the ad and add your pictures and post it. Make sure the picture files are less than 50 megabytes. This is IMPORTANT! You can talk about rates for time or you can talk about sex acts you enjoy, you can't talk about both! I've cleared out my PM's and will be close to the computer most of the night to answer any questions. I've closed this thread (but not deleted any of the info on it) so that after this post nobody can post here anymore. A2 One more time, here's the link http://usaadultclassifieds.info Again, this is IMPORTANT! You can talk about rates for time or you can talk about sex acts you enjoy, you can't talk about both! That includes B-n-G, if you do both I have to delete the ad. Guys you DO NOT have to register there to use the site. All of the ladies that post there are registered here as escorts, you can use their name there to PM them here, though I can't promise they will answer. 05-27-15 08:58 #156 Leah Love View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 38 Leah Specials. 100 Hh 160 hr GFE MSOG. Don't miss out! Reveiwed and loved here in town. 9093329317. 02-25-15 08:00 #155 EscortAdsCom View Profile View Forum Posts Banned Member Posts: 1 [Deleted by Admin] ============================================ Greetings Gentlemen, With all due respect, I would very much appreciate it if you would not use my forum to publicly solicit or exchange information on how to find and/or use my competitor's website(s). Thanks, Jackson 12-09-14 16:24 #154 Sweetseduction View Profile View Forum Posts Visit Homepage Advertiser-Escort Posts: 12 [Text in ALL CAPITAL LETTERING Deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was redacted or deleted because it was written in ALL CAPITAL LETTERING. In the future, please do not write reports in ALL CAPITAL LETTERING. Thanks! 12-01-14 18:55 #153 HollywoodGuy View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 3075 Originally Posted by IRideHard  [View Original Post] Do you have a picture of the feet like the one in the red shoes but close up of barefoot? Very interested in your feet! Picture #8. http://www.asexyservice.com/rockford...NwmDM5rW7E9jR/ http://la.backpage.com/Domination/sensual-and-therapeutic-massage-by-icelandic-goddess-catering-to-foot-fetish-finally-back-in-la/46377716 12-01-14 12:33 #152 IRideHard View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 114 [Deleted by Admin] EDITOR'S NOTE: This report was deleted because the subject was not related to the purpose of this thread, which is as follows: Classified ads for chicks 12-01-14 12:32 #151 IRideHard View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 114 Foot fetish Foot fetish clients always welcome! In addition to the massage, I also cater to foot fetishes, and am incredibly talented with both my hands, and my cute little, super soft, sexy size 6 feet. You will not be disappointed!! Foot fetish sessions are included with the massage at no extra charge, just let me know that you are interested in my feet, too!! Get ready to indulge!! Do you have a picture of the feet like the one in the red shoes but close up of barefoot? Very interested in your feet! 11-24-14 22:40 #150 Dash Belli View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 287 Not everyone likes her Originally Posted by solluna  [View Original Post] This girl rocks, will see her again when she's in my area. She didn't get the best review on TER. Described her as rushed and distracted. YMMV. 11-24-14 11:44 #149 solluna View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 43 Originally Posted by BellaRene122  [View Original Post] I am open to all that is f_r_e_a_k_y or n_a_s_t_y. That's right I am that little s_l-u_t that lives in every girl you know, the only difference is I am all about living the fantasy not just wondering how it would feel. This girl rocks, will see her again when she's in my area. 11-16-14 17:15 #148 Lexxi Love View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 6 I'm finally here visiting San Fernando valley on sb Visiting the area check my out. Hello gentlemen, I'm lexxi. An curvy busty ebony beauty who enjoys the luxurious, quality companionship of a select mature few. I'm a sweetheart with a real down to earth attitude. I'm a gorgeous girl who prefers the company of gentlemen. What more could you want. I look forward to spoiling you. I'm AVAILABLE NOW! INCALLS. 5107308673👠128132;. I bet you I'll do. What she won't. 😘 ask about my specials. 🌟128068;. http://sanfernandovalley.backpage.co...n-fruit/472561 11-10-14 21:01 #147 Sweetseduction View Profile View Forum Posts Visit Homepage Advertiser-Escort Posts: 12 *Sensual &amp; Therapeutic Massage by Icelandic Goddess*CMT* Foot Fetish Avail 2* Naomi is finally back in beautiful Los Angeles for the very first time in over 5 years!! Excited to reconnect with lovely past clients and create connections with a whole new world of sweet gentlemen here again! 100% independent! Classy and seductive. So, hurry. Don't delay, call me up at my personal mobile number in order to book an appt of heavenly seduction accompanied by a genuine rejuvenating massage. (770) 899-8655. Hey there boys! If you are tired of receiving massages in which your time with your provider is rushed and uncomfortable, then i am the answer to your prayers. I am an intelligent, down to earth, sophisticated, classy, and all around gorgeous young female who has the magic touch of an angel. I am a 29 year old model of Icelandic and Norwegian descent. I am a 5 ft 6', 124 lb caucasian hottie with dark brown, short hair and hypnotizing green-hazel eyes that will put you in a trance. My stats are 34 b-29-36. I give an amazingly therapeutic and sensual full body massage. This intoxicating massage offers the perfect combination of sensual deep tissue, and Swedish massage techniques. During the massage, we are both completely nude, and there is light mutual touching included. I offer this incredibly relaxing and rejuvenating massage in a clean, private upscale location. I am currently in the Manhattan beach area of Los Angeles, but have yet to decide where in la i will be making my permanent home donation is only 150 for the half hr, and 200 for the hr. Cash only. Non negotiable. I use a professional massage table, unscented, organic grapeseed oil; set to soft, soothing music. I incorporate both sensual tantra-esque and deep tissue therapeutic techniques. There is parking available. I have solid reviews that can be linked to from my website, where you will find more pics and further info on my services. Plse visit my website at www.Heavenlyseduction.********.Com. This is incall only. Not full service. My clients compliment me constantly on my baby soft skin, my long beautiful legs, and my plump, round ass. They always leave completely satisfied with a huge smile plastered across their face. They also love the fact that my breasts are completely natural and perky, a perfect size for my sexy and curvy petite frame. My session is sensually complete and fully relaxing as my fingers soothe, relax, tantalize and excite every inch of your body and your soul. Don't miss out on experiencing the best that la has to offer you, experience a mind blowingly erotic session with me! Foot fetish clients always welcome! In addition to the massage, i also cater to foot fetishes, and am incredibly talented with both my hands, and my cute little, super soft, sexy size 6 feet. You will not be disappointed!! Foot fetish sessions are included with the massage at no extra charge, just let me know that you are interested in my feet, too!! Get ready to indulge!! Attached Thumbnails                     10-24-14 14:58 #146 Lexxi Love View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 6 Finally making my debut in los Angeles 11/6/14 Been wanting to come for a while. I'm super excited to show everyone what I'm all about! Hope you are ready. http://eastbay.backpage.com/FemaleEs...ll-23/20210574 10-03-14 06:45 #145 BellaRene122 View Profile View Forum Posts Banned Member Posts: 5 BELLARENE all star FAVORITE! 951-251-9612 I am open to all that is f_r_e_a_k_y or n_a_s_t_y. That's right I am that little s_l-u_t that lives in every girl you know, the only difference is I am all about living the fantasy not just wondering how it would feel. Attached Thumbnails   07-04-14 02:45 #144 KatLillie View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 1 Sweet mature petite Hello, my name is Kat. I am a classy and sweet petite blonde. I am new to the inland empire. I am a Canadian enjoying Southern California and loving it. I like to be kinky and I am very playful. I take pride in my cleanliness and discretion is utmost important to me. I look forward to connecting with you. Kat. XO. 951-221-3500. Check out my website at www.katlil.com. Attached Thumbnails       06-09-14 03:22 #143 MonicaMistress View Profile View Forum Posts Advertiser-Escort Posts: 1 I'm not sweet I'm the sl*t you want to f*ck You may look at me & think whatever you want just know I'm not sweet / a sweetheart, I'm not cute, I'm not bubbly, I'm definitely not the girl next door I'm that sl*t you want to f*ck. Give me a call sometime soon. {310}698-9959 Until we meet have a Fabulous day. Attached Thumbnails               Closed Thread Page 1 of 11 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... Last Jump to page: « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Posting Limitations You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is Off HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us USA Sex Guide Archive Top All times are GMT -4. The time now is 19:40. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Website owned by USASG Internet Properties, Inc. Copyright ©2000 - 2015 All Rights Reserved
http://www.usasexguide.info/forum/showthread.php?5959-Escort-Classified-Ads-Posted-by-Escorts-No-Reviews-or-Commentary/page8|_|Register Help Remember Me? Front Page Forum FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders What's New? Photo Gallery Abbreviations Advanced Search Forum States & Cities California Los Angeles Escort Classified Ads - Posted by Escorts - No Reviews or Commentary If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. The NEW classified site is ready for testing. If you want to help, or get a look at it click this link Click here for the FAQ about the Beta Site Thanks, A2 Thread: Escort Classified Ads - Posted by Escorts - No Reviews or Commentary Closed Thread Page 8 of 11 First 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Last Jump to page: Results 106 to 120 of 157 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… This forum thread is moderated by Admin 09-20-10 23:54 #52 Rosita Sexy View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 1 Sexy Rosita In SF Valley Hot Latina! Buenas Noches! Tonight I am in SF Valley and I have a nice comfortable place for you to come and relax with me. It's a chilly night and I would love to warm you up. I want to give you hugs and sweet little kisses. I just love to enjoy life that's why I am here to make your night better, and make you a very Happy Man to. So why miss out on me! As you could see I am Sexy, Friendly, and I am Young, just like the Sweet Latina in your dreams with Sexy Buns for you to play with. I hope to see you soon Papi, I am waiting. Muah Email Me if you like to set up an appt with your phone number and the time you like you like to see me: rosita2243atyahoo.com Attached Thumbnails       09-13-10 23:15 #51 Member #4474 View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 10 Come relax with a Hot young GFE:) Hello! Please check out my reviews o (links from my website) www.jennibright.com and contact me for details on spending time together. These special rates apply only when you mention USASG! HH 160 HR 200 90 260 I am a true GFE, give me a call or email me for all of my details. Please provide two references and always be kind and discreet I cant wait to meet you! Jenni XOXO jenni@jennibright.com www.jennibright.com 09-02-10 19:06 #50 Pcpc1688 View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 1703 Originally Posted by Xoxoraven Hello Gents, My name is Raven, I'm 22 years old, Native American, Irish and Swedish mix. I stand at a mere 4'11 and my measurements are 36c-28-39. I have an olive/tan complexion and my skin is soft & touchable, Long silky dark blackish brown hair and a smile to warm ur heart. You must be a man who appreciates a woman, BUILT like a woman, a man who like s a woman with a lil meat on her bones. Thick legs & thighs with a round apple bottom. I am currently in the Thousand Oaks area near LA, only for a short time.. I will be also going to Ontario area... Donations for my Time 200 hr 160 45 min 120 half So if interested Inbox or e-mail me @ xoxoraven@yahoo.com with a reference. (Reference is required for an appt) Check out my site as well. XOXORaven Raven, Stop with the built like a women crap would ya. Your built like a Sherman tank is more like it with linebacker legs....lol FYI, your price should be $60 for 15, 85 for half and 110 for a whole hr MSOGs. Perhaps this will increase your traffic dear. Just friendly suggestions is all IMHO. PC out 09-01-10 16:38 #49 Anissa Vegas View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 8 Buck Nasty Call me and we can talk! 08-31-10 19:46 #48 Buck Nasty View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 87 Hi Anissa Anissa, do you speak Greek? Originally Posted by Anissa Vegas Hey L.A. Boys I'm Anissa and I'm very energetic and full of life and of course I LOVE TO HAVE FUN. I will be worth your while and assuring a great time. I have impressive turning features and an engaging personality, my beauty exudes both charm and refreshing honesty. I have soft and lean athletic curves that are both intriguing and addictive. Check me out further: anissavegas.webs.com STATS: Name : ANISSA Ethnicity : Mexican/Japanese Age :26 Eye Color :Brown Hair Color : Dark brown Build : JUiCY! Height : 5'4 Bust : 36 Cup : DD Hips: 29 RATES: *100 per 1/4 hour *150 per 1/2 hour *200 per Full hou *350 2 FULL HOURS (Super hot) *100 per hour (SPECIAL) Must book 8 or more hours REVIEW'S ON TZ 702-808-1006 When contacting me please be respectful. Do not use inappropriate language. Also, please allow up to an hour for travel time. I am looking forward to spending some time with you Please No blocked or restricted numbers 08-30-10 19:38 #47 Anissa Vegas View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 8 Jap/Mex MIX w/pierced DD's Hey L.A. Boys I'm Anissa and I'm very energetic and full of life and of course I LOVE TO HAVE FUN. I will be worth your while and assuring a great time. I have impressive turning features and an engaging personality, my beauty exudes both charm and refreshing honesty. I have soft and lean athletic curves that are both intriguing and addictive. Check me out further: anissavegas.webs.com STATS: Name : ANISSA Ethnicity : Mexican/Japanese Age :26 Eye Color :Brown Hair Color : Dark brown Build : JUiCY! Height : 5'4 Bust : 36 Cup : DD Hips: 29 RATES: *100 per 1/4 hour *150 per 1/2 hour *200 per Full hou *350 2 FULL HOURS (Super hot) *100 per hour (SPECIAL) Must book 8 or more hours REVIEW'S ON TZ 702-808-1006 When contacting me please be respectful. Do not use inappropriate language. Also, please allow up to an hour for travel time. I am looking forward to spending some time with you Please No blocked or restricted numbers Attached Thumbnails   08-12-10 02:12 #46 Xoxoraven View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 3 * ExXxotic & Sensual * Native American Beauty * Hello Gents, My name is Raven, I'm 22 years old, Native American, Irish and Swedish mix. I stand at a mere 4'11 and my measurements are 36c-28-39. I have an olive/tan complexion and my skin is soft & touchable, Long silky dark blackish brown hair and a smile to warm ur heart. You must be a man who appreciates a woman, BUILT like a woman, a man who like s a woman with a lil meat on her bones. Thick legs & thighs with a round apple bottom. I am currently in the Thousand Oaks area near LA, only for a short time.. I will be also going to Ontario area... Donations for my Time 200 hr 160 45 min 120 half So if interested Inbox or e-mail me @ xoxoraven@yahoo.com with a reference. (Reference is required for an appt) Check out my site as well. XOXORaven Attached Thumbnails       07-17-10 00:33 #45 EbonySugarbaby View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 126 Incredible Moments , The Ultimate Chocolate Playmate Available Hello, my name is Ladonya and I am a charming, well-spoken and very cute ebony exotic companion in her late twenties. I am college educated and articulate. I love to laugh and make others laugh too. My outgoing and warm & friendly personality will put you at ease right away. I offer affectionate, unrushed and highly *intoxicating* encounters! I always strive to provide a discreet, relaxed and sensual environment for us to enjoy together. I love to meet respectable and discerning gentlemen.Come find out why current boyfriends are intoxicated by me ...... More information about me, including rates, more pics/movies and links to my reviews can be found on my website. Lets arrange a rendezvous I accept date-check,p411,rs2k, ter http://ebonysugarbaby.com ebonysugarbaby@live.com Ladonya (407) 494-1668 Attached Thumbnails   07-16-10 18:18 #44 EbonySugarbaby View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 126 Ebony Goddess Available .... My Pleasure to please you Hot & Sexy Ebony GFE Companion, Its my pleasure to please you. I guarantee our experience together will be unrushed, unforgettable and unmatched in quality. Upscale Incall by LAX ...VISITING TIL MONDAY 225/1HR I am every inch a Goddess, the perfect combination of beauty & brains. I look forward to meeting you. Kisses I specialize in GFE/PSE,FBSM-BODYRUBS,BDSM,FETISHES http://ebonysugarbaby.com Check out my XXX VIDEOS >>>> http://**********.com/studio/17268 07-12-10 02:01 #43 Erotic808 View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 110 Coming soon: Nikki http://hawaii.backpage.com/FemaleEsc...kki-26/2217568 My name is Nikki and I will be traveling to the area soon. Please review my ad and feel free to call me or e-mail erotic808@yahoo.com. My e-mail oes directly to phone XOXO 07-05-10 20:32 #42 Pualani Nani View Profile View Forum Posts Regular Member Posts: 2 Sexy Hawaiian Treat... SFV Hey guys! New to USASG, but ready to have some fun! Im 5 feet 2 inches 120 lbs. 36d-26-34 & nice and curvy in all the right places! I offer a wide variety of services including GFE, Couples sessions,massage, etc. I am based out of the SFV but do provide outcall services to the surrounding LA area. Incall rates 120/15 150/30 240/60 Outcall 200/30 300/60 xox Pualani 818-three 1 two 2 four 7 nine Attached Thumbnails       06-15-10 14:15 #41 SexyMiky View Profile View Forum Posts Senior Member Posts: 69 Soft drink Saw the soft drink girl named P_____I sent a text was replied and screened cost $$ for one full hour, the moment you walk in the luxury condo received royal treatment she aprox 27 5. 5 100 pounds in great shape, she showered me all over, once in the room had endless kisses massage and was liked all over my body, she gives great BBBJ had the full service she did not stop her attention antill I left. 05-07-10 17:55 #40 Ayanei Paradis View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 24 One more thing. Also, no blocked calls please. 05-07-10 17:48 #39 Ayanei Paradis View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 24 5' 10" 150 pounds 36c-25-39 Russian/Ebony more Russian than Ebony Light brown hair Green eyes (real) Very very light skin I will stay an hour just to hear you whisper 200 secrets in my ear, half an hour if you can think of 150 reasons why I should. 100 ways to make 15 minutes feel like Paradise. Seven 0h 2 Five 0h 6 Eight Five 0h 1. My call hours are from 7pm-7am. No texting. Pm me with an email address to send pics to, I will NOT post them publicly. Also, it would really help if you a senior member. Or atleast have a reference from a senior member. 05-03-10 23:01 #38 Dana P Baby View Profile View Forum Posts Forum Advertiser Posts: 5 Drippin Wet GFE Encounters With A Gorgeous Playmate... ~|| Come Join Me In Studio City ||~ I'm a very sexy and sensual exotic cutie with a wonderful personality and a beautiful curvy body. I'm a vibrant, outgoing, and a sexy girl waiting to show a mature gentleman a mind blowing experience! Every encounter with me is unrushed. Let's make this a moment you will never forget, I guarantee an unforgettable time! And I always aim to please. Age: 20 Height: 5'5" Measurements: 34C 26 36 Eyes: Brown Hair: Dark Brown Long Weight: 135 lbs Ethnicity: Mouth Watering Chocolate! ~Dana Passion -Well Reviewed Hottie!- _Total G.F.E Babe_ Dfk/Lfk, Bbbj, Daty! -Incall- 150 Half Hour 200 45 Mins 250 Hour MSOG 325 90 Mins MSOG 450 2 Hours MSOG +50 For Outcall If you have any questions check out my website or feel free to email me. IrresistableDP@yahoo.com Www.danapassion.com *Best Way To Get Ahold of Me* (858)829-4508 Attached Thumbnails         Closed Thread Page 8 of 11 First 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Last Jump to page: « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Posting Limitations You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is Off HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us USA Sex Guide Archive Top All times are GMT -4. The time now is 19:40. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Website owned by USASG Internet Properties, Inc. Copyright ©2000 - 2015 All Rights Reserved
https://myscarletbook.com/seattle/425-365-8020/|_|Loading... WASHINGTON STATE          CITY seattle (2635) Tacoma (13) Everett (12) Search in Washington State Enter your City Distance (miles) ▼ Change Region ▼ Canada Alberta British Columbia Ontario Quebec United States AZ- Arizona CA- Bay Area CA- Central Valley CA- SoCal CO- Colorado DC - Distr of Columbia FL - South Florida FL - North Florida IL- Illinois IN- Indiana MA- Massachusetts MD- Maryland MI- Michigan NC- North Carolina NJ- New Jersey NV- Nevada NY- Long Island NY- NYC OH- Ohio PA- Pennsylvania TN- Tennessee TX- Gulf Coast TX- North Texas TX- South Texas WA- Washington Sta. LOGIN / REGISTER LOGIN Register SEARCH FILTER RESULTS All Categories Escort Massage Other All Ethnicities Asian Black Hispanic White TOOLS CONTACT US ESCORT GUIDE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PRIVACY POLICY REFUND POLICY CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS COMMUNITY REVIEWS POST AN AD 425-365-8020 Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Choose one or LOGIN to see results 0 0 Category: Escort Add to Favorite (1) Ignore Search Forums Link Reviews Reviews on other sites? Send us a link and we will add it! Verify This Provider Not verified? Send us a pic of you and the word "MSB" on paper. Already verified on another site? Just send us a link! Flag Pictures Questionable pictures? Send us a link to the original picture Posted June 13, 2016 in Seattle Washington State Super young pretty Fresh Japanese & Korean girls (all Natural Figures & 100% Real) First time come to the city & new in business Young & fresh, soft creamy skin, big eyes, beautiful cute young look, good attitude If u are looking for cute girls, look no further! Nuru Massage + Shower Excellent 5-Star WOW Experience $160/HH & $200/H (DUOS SPECIAL)425-365-8020 425-365-8020 Click to Call (Mobile) Characters Remaining Positive Review Neutral Comment Negative Review Previous By Provider Posted 2016-03-15 Hi, I am HITOMI. ️️ yrs old, sexy( . )( . ), petite, hot and very friendly. I am 5'3", 107 lbs, 36D-24-35 I-5 Exit 164 Broadway / E Union St 1 First Hill Downtown Seattle Seattle University The Quad Come and get the best. Because I have what u crave for and more!!! Let's Have some fun together with a lot more my time is never rushed 425-365-8020 HITOMI Sorry NO African American Please WASHINGTON STATE CLASSIFIEDS ⇦ Newest seattle AdsMore November 30 seattle Ads⇨ Copyright 2015 MSB MEDIA LTD 2257 Compliance Authorized Sales Agent: GTBill.com Cancellation Link About Us / DISCLAIMER 2257 Compliance To view the full 2257 compliance statement, please Click HERE Billing Information Please visit GTBill.com, our authorized sales agent for access to https://myscarletbook.com Once processed, your credit card statement will read GT*MsbMedialtd18882551137 To cancel your subscription, please follow THIS link. We thank you for your business. What's MyScarletBook all about? Myscarletbook.com provides local advertising for seattle escorts. We wanted to design a high quality, clutter-free advertising space for our high-end clients. Our website is independent from our clients and provides seattle escort girls with innovative online marketing options. This enables MSB to position itself within the adult industry as a specialist in delivering high end service to both local independent escorts and agency seattle call girls. Escort Services Post free escort ads with MyScarletBook. Free services for independent escorts provide front page access to local listings, including three photos and a message. Our free escort classifieds provide every seattle private escort with the opportunity to enter our escort directory. Geotracking IP shows only escorts in your area, which means clients can view local escort ads for free. Ads are designed to be visually appealling and easy for clients to read. Client Services We have combined a visually appealing aesthetic with the ability to see and write escort reviews. The inclusion of a review feature, we feel, brings a degree of accountability to the market by discouraging would-be scammers from posting in the first place. To ensure that reviews are fair and without bias, they are regularly reviewed, and removed if deemed appropriate. Additionally, clients have the ability to view older ads posted by individual escorts, and can even search our ad database by name, number, keyword, and even key phrase. Join The Party! Come find local escorts and massage services in seattle today!
https://terb.cc/vbulletin/|_|Browser not compatible. Register Help Remember Me? Advertise Here What's New? Articles Forum FAQ Calendar Community Groups Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Blogs Advanced Search Forum If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. TERB.cc Welcome to the TERB.cc. GENERAL AREA Threads / Posts  Last Post The Lounge (101 Viewing) Open Discussion Area For All Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 83,541 Posts: 1,469,865 Last Post: "Grab them by the pussy" - Donald Trump by SuperCharge View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 04:13 PM TERB.cc Buy & Sell Zone Non commercial sales ONLY , no website links permitted. Items must be under C$1000.00. One item per person per week. Buyer beware ! TERB.cc is NOT responsible for bad deals. Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,241 Posts: 4,431 Last Post: Unlocked iPhone 6 Plus 128 Gb in Space Grey by mrmcdonald View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 11:02 AM Health Info Public Service Announcements Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 437 Posts: 3,345 Last Post: Another one bites the dust by magicmouthmax View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 09-10-2016, 09:45 AM Sports Discussion (8 Viewing) Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 7,335 Posts: 162,109 Last Post: Blue Jays: 2016 Edition by Frankunderwood View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 04:21 PM Politics, Religion & International Affairs (8 Viewing) Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 20,601 Posts: 493,438 Last Post: debate by mjg1 View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 04:12 PM TERB.cc Lotto & Gaming Forums Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 619 Posts: 7,405 Last Post: And So It Begins Drop the Puck by baseball View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 04:10 AM Technology (1 Viewing) Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 5,186 Posts: 49,130 Last Post: The VR Age Begins... by rhuarc29 View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 08:14 AM Business, Finance and Investing (3 Viewing) Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 682 Posts: 9,378 Last Post: Mbna by desert monk View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 09:29 AM Ξ Toronto (GTA) Advertisers Only - Updates & Announcements Threads / Posts  Last Post To advertise in this forum please contact the Administrator. Please scroll down for additional Ontario cities. (Area Oakville to Scarborough) Ξ Escort Agencies (125 Viewing) Toronto Escort Agencies, Mississauga Escort Agencies, Brampton Escort Agencies, Airport Escort Agencies, Scarborough Escort Agencies, Markham Escort Agencies, North York Escort Agencies, GTA Escort Agencies Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 61,725 Posts: 67,212 Last Post: Saturday @ Roommates!!! by Roommates View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries Visit Homepage View Articles 10-07-2016, 02:45 PM Ξ Independent Escorts (91 Viewing) Toronto Independent Escorts, Mississauga Independent Escorts, Brampton Independent Escorts, Airport Independent Escorts, Scarborough Independent Escorts, Markham Independent Escorts, North York Independent Escorts, GTA Independent Escorts Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 21,822 Posts: 56,887 Last Post: SARA VESPER, let's dance. incalls/outcalls avail. by Sara Vesper View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 03:21 PM Ξ Massage Parlors (54 Viewing) Toronto Massage Parlors, Mississauga Massage Parlors, Brampton Massage Parlors, Airport Massage Parlors, Scarborough Massage Parlors, Markham Massage Parlors, North York Massage Parlors, GTA Massage Parlors Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 23,499 Posts: 26,127 Last Post: BELLA is a definitely worth the drive to WDS /GFE; Russ, Ital,French, FULL, *S*/ by west drive spa View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries Visit Homepage View Articles 10-07-2016, 02:10 PM Ξ Therapeutic Massage Toronto Therapeutic Massage, Mississauga Therapeutic Massage, Brampton Therapeutic Massage, Airport Therapeutic Massage, Scarborough Therapeutic Massage, Markham Therapeutic Massage, North York Therapeutic Massage, GTA Therapeutic Massage Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 202 Posts: 267 Last Post: N* 1 Asian Massage /// Sweet Asian, Unique Technique; Joyful Relaxation & Pleasure*** by asiastudios View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 09-14-2016, 06:17 PM Ξ Help Wanted (2 Viewing) TERB Advertisers Only - Post Your Help Wanted Ads Here Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,681 Posts: 3,978 Last Post: $1000 Signing Bonus!! Blondie Massage Is Hiring!! (647)876-7888 by blondiemassage View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 09:34 AM Ξ Independent Massage (3 Viewing) Toronto Independent Massage, Mississauga Independent Massage, Brampton Independent Massage, Airport Independent Massage, Scarborough Independent Massage, Markham Independent Massage, North York Independent Massage, GTA Independent Massage Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 817 Posts: 1,541 Last Post: Kelsey Koxx -> Spinner NOW Available for MASSAGES // Downtown INCALL or OUTCALL by Kelsey Koxx View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries Visit Homepage View Articles 10-02-2016, 07:44 PM Ξ Directories Toronto GTA and Southern Ontario Directories, Escort Massage Listings Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 220 Posts: 1,508 Last Post: POST AND BROWSE*****Canadas Free Adult Classifieds by TheEroticList.ca View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries Visit Homepage View Articles 04-29-2016, 11:31 PM Ξ Special Events Parties, SP and Adult Related Shows Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 243 Posts: 532 Last Post: ❥❥Follow Us on Twitter and Receive 50% OFF ALL DOOR FEES!!!❥❥ by VaughanSpa View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries Visit Homepage View Articles 09-30-2016, 09:32 AM Ξ Web Development & Photography Professional Web and Photo services offered to SP and Adult Industry Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 55 Posts: 105 Last Post: Web and Branding service with bonus offer! by ethanpearce View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 09-13-2016, 07:26 AM  Toronto (GTA) → Masssage & Erotic Massage Reviews Threads / Posts  Last Post Escort & Massage reviews Toronto, Mississauga, Scarborough, Brampton, Markham, Richmond Hill, Georgetown, Oakville  Toronto Escort Agencies - Recent Reviews (1 Viewing) Toronto Escort Agencies Reviews, Mississauga Escort Agencies Reviews, Brampton Escort Agencies Reviews, Airport Escort Agencies Reviews, Scarborough Escort Agencies Reviews, Markham Escort Agencies Reviews, North York Escort Agencies Reviews, GTA Escort Agencies Reviews Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,365 Posts: 6,014 Last Post: Private  Toronto Escorts (Incall ) (97 Viewing) Toronto Escort Reviews, North York Escort Reviews, Mississauga Escort Reviews, Canada Escort reviews, Scarborough Escort Reviews Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 54,413 Posts: 545,288 Last Post: Private • Toronto Escorts (Outcall ) (6 Viewing) Toronto Escort Reviews, North York Escort Reviews, Mississauga Escort Reviews, Canada Escort reviews, Scarborough Escort Reviews Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 20,963 Posts: 250,581 Last Post: Private • Toronto Massage (70 Viewing) Toronto Massage Reviews, Mississauga Massage Reviews, Brampton Massage Reviews, Airport Massage Reviews, Scarborough Massage Reviews, Markham Massage Reviews, North York Massage Reviews, GTA Massage Reviews Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 44,308 Posts: 368,404 Last Post: Private ♣ Toronto Strip Clubs (13 Viewing) Toronto Strip Clubs, Mississauga Strip Clubs, Brampton Strip Clubs, Airport Strip Clubs, Scarborough Strip Clubs, Markham Strip Clubs, North York Strip Clubs, GTA Strip Clubs Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 15,938 Posts: 211,325 Last Post: Private • BDSM (1 Viewing) Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,906 Posts: 12,589 Last Post: Private  Classified Listings ( Review Forum ) (23 Viewing) Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 12,805 Posts: 103,259 Last Post: Private Ottawa/Kingston Escort Massage Reviews and 411 Threads / Posts  Last Post Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage and Body Rub Reviews For Ottawa, Ontario and Kingston, Ontario Ξ Ottawa & Kingston  Escort & Massage Ads (10 Viewing) Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Ottawa, Ontario & Kingston Ontario (PAID ADVERTISERS ONLY) Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,058 Posts: 1,367 Last Post: [email protected] - LILY'S LAST DAY IN OTTAWA!! by Mirage Ottawa View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 01:11 PM  Ottawa & Kingston  Escort & Massage Reviews (68 Viewing) Ottawa & Kingston Escorts, Massage and Erotic Massage Review Incall & Outcall Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 10,548 Posts: 86,727 Last Post: Avoid Jenna 9878 BP by imwildru View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 02:47 PM ⌊ Ottawa & Kingston  Escort & Massage 411 (15 Viewing) For those seeking information on a specific Service Provider in Ottawa or Kingston Ontario Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 2,416 Posts: 18,789 Last Post: Maddie? by funfunfun010101 View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 03:51 PM Durham Region/Peterborough Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Threads / Posts  Last Post Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage and Body Rub Ads For Durham Region including Ajax, Oshawa, Pickering, Whitby Peterborough and Kawarthas Ξ Durham Region & Peterborough  Escort & Massage Ads (3 Viewing) Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads for Durham Region & Peterborough (PAID ADVERTISERS ONLY) Ajax, Oshawa, Pickering, Whitby Peterborough & Kawarthas Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 617 Posts: 906 Last Post: 🔛 In OshaWa Today GFE ... In&OuT 🔛 by roxann4u View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-05-2016, 08:52 AM  Durham Region & Peterborough  Escort & Massage Reviews (51 Viewing) Durham Region & Peterborough Escorts Incall/Outcall & Massage Reviews (Ajax, Oshawa, Pickering, Whitby Peterborough & Kawarthas) Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 7,010 Posts: 56,258 Last Post: Anyone seen BeBe ? by whitewaterguy View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-07-2016, 02:23 PM ⌊ Durham Region & Peterborough  Escort & Massage 411 (2 Viewing) For those seeking information on a specific Service Provider in Durham Region & Peterborough (Ajax, Oshawa, Pickering, Whitby Peterborough & Kawarthas) Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 174 Posts: 757 Last Post: Opinions on Apple? by dirkd101 View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-06-2016, 03:16 PM Hamilton/Burlington Escorts Massage Body Rub Ads and Reviews/411 Threads / Posts  Last Post Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Hamilton and Burlington, Ontario Ξ Hamilton/Burlington  Escort & Massage Ads Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Hamilton/Burlington (PAID ADVERTISERS ONLY) Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 616 Posts: 1,101 Last Post: This evening & Friday Oct. 7th I'm booked, thanks so much, thanks for thinking of me! by lynn_ha View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries Visit Homepage View Articles 10-06-2016, 09:23 AM  Hamilton/Burlington  Escort & Massage Reviews (12 Viewing) Hamilton/Burlington Escorts Review Incall & Outcall Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,113 Posts: 7,566 Last Post: Review Place on Brant by slowman View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 10-02-2016, 12:58 PM ⌊ Hamilton/Burlington  Escort & Massage 411 For those seeking information on a specific Service Provider in Hamilton & Burlington Ontario Forum Actions: Forum Statistics: Threads: 152 Posts: 1,056 Last Post: best massage parlour near Burlington by yogi1 View Profile View Forum Posts View Blog Entries View Articles 09-16-2016, 06:29 PM Ontario (South)→ Escort/Massage Reviews / Ads / 411 Threads / Posts  Last Post Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Brantford, Cambridge, Guelph, Hamilton/Burlington, London, Kitchener/Waterloo, Niagara Falls, St. Catharines, Windsor, Woodstock → Brantford/Cambridge/Woodstock Ontario Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Brantford, Cambridge & Woodstock Ontario → Guelph Ontario Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Guelph, Ontario → London Ontario Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For London Ontario → Kitchener/Waterloo Ontario Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Kitchener/Waterloo → Niagara Falls & St. Catharines Ontario Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Niagara Falls & St. Catharines Ontario → Windsor Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Windsor, Ontario Ontario (North)→ Escort/Massage Reviews / Ads / 411 Threads / Posts  Last Post Barrie, Peterborough and the Kawarthas, Sudbury, Sault Ste Marie, North Bay, Timmins, Thunder Bay → Barrie Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Barrie, Ontario → North Bay/ Timmins, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For North Bay/Timmins, Ontario → Sault Ste Marie Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Sault Ste Marie, Ontario → Sudbury Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Sudbury, Ontario → Thunder Bay Escorts, Massage, Body Rub Ads/Reviews/411 Escort, Massage, Erotic Massage & Body Rub Ads For Thunder Bay, Ontario OTHER:International Threads / Posts  Last Post Mark Forums Read What's Going On? Currently Active Users There are currently 995 users online. 454 members and 541 guests Most users ever online was 5,826, 05-27-2013 at 08:14 PM. 1.8t, 2xxx, 58allgood, Aardvark154, Acubed, ad596796, addictedone, Adin135, admiralfrogpants2, AdrianaSkye, afterhours, AJstar, allan_east, alrapke, alteregos, Andy999, anon1, atticusfinch, azn1009, aznboi86, AznLuver, Bangthedrums, Batman55, BAZC, bell123, Bella1234, bellbar, Benzz, bestman007, bgr88, biffbangpow, BigBlueBud, billybobrobert, billybong75, blackecko, Blade Blader, bluecolt, Blue_Chip, bmr4dnr, bobbieround, bobbyb609, bobgeorge, bosefan_555, Brolaf, bullseye72135, businesman, Butler1000, bver_hunter, Caelus, Calgacus, CamillaLushVIP, canuckboy, CB147, cbc 66, Ch33ser, charlissimo, cheeko21, Chopdot, ChrisJunck, Chuckt, ClaireEdwards, clay2841, clubberlang, Columbia, coolcat50, coolguyxxx7, cowtown, crystal1999, cye, dannyboy8791, darth_hater, Daviboy, dawnlee, demiurge, diana <3, Dib1981, Dkdomma, DoA, dodger1, donvalley, Doublefault, Dr.Gocha, driv3r, Ducati848, DucatiF1, DukeSSk, eazy, Eclipse1987, edwardspeaker, ElCapitain, elle.marant, Endlosung, Erin_HPL, EthanHunt, ethban, expert2009, fastman27, faveone, fluffy, fmahovalich, Forsaker, foxmldr, FrancescaMou, FrankieP, Frankunderwood, franz888, freaky2020, FullTilt168, funfunfun010101, Geee, gideeup, Goodoer, Goose11, greg83, Grega, gundam789, gwcal62, Halloween Mike, hardhotrod96, hd2, hersheykisses, Hollywood2, honeyryder, Hoppers, horseman, hot4rub, hyperdog, Iceman_69, inception, I_HC, jackham, jamesbizzle, Jaycep, Jayjay80, jckyoung, jcpro, JCruiser99, jd_13, jeff49, jimmylikes, jjw99, Jkelly, Joeybats12345, johnarniesex69, JohnHenry, johnjoe, Johnny O, johnthedougler, jojo_pare, jonhhy72, jonskis, jonstreets, js69, js97, jsttvu, JT13, Jtiven, jughead80, Justaguy85, kappavita, KennethIrons, Kennybee, keropi, kgirllover, kherg007, kidclutch45, kirknewton, kmamado, kmwq, krrish14, ksilentbob02, kushboss, La Greque, las venganza, lestweforget, loggietech2, lol, lomotil, lostone, Luton, mac01, maercury, magma, mat2325, mattr, maxp, maxpanic, mediumrare, Melina_Starr, melonhead, Mike Cameron, mikebren12, mikeeman, mikefuse, Milla Annabella, missmuctim, mjg1, mrcheeks, mrexcite, MrPervert, MS06S, mvalencia1, mvdouche, mypony, MYSITEONLY, Nakid1, nemesis_, newfunprince, Nicias, nihsaf, nik7322, niniveh, nkhatri, northnomad, oliviawilde, ottawaguy12345, pagypie81, PamelaKiss, paou1, password88, paulb90909, pboy, pcar, peepingtom, peterxxx, Phabulous, Philanthropist, pitt, pof1, [email protected] , ponster, PornAddict, Prime19, ProfessorX, QK90412, qwang0, qwerty9985826, RackJyan22, rafterman, rage, Rainstryk, raptorfan, raptorz, Rawbeast, ray79683816, richsoca, riflebird, rileydaniels, rjcool11, rlwldchld, rob22bb1, Rocco, rok1555, Romanski, Romeo112, ron3221, ronclark, ronnirandy, rouge, roxyfan, rustyshackleford, rx0211, Ryan1967, Ryan4life, Ryanlagosee, ryu21, RZG, Sam Rothstein, Sara Vesper, Sargeant StiffCock, saxon, scarecrow119, scbto, Scrub1, sdf1993, sexsensation, SexyFriendsTO, sexyvj, shael rogers, sid26, Sina, sireddie69, Sirnite, sixone, SkyRider, slowandeasy, smichael7, smoothonurlips, solam, solidness, someguy77, spacemancometh, spanishbarbie.xo, spholic, spocker, SQUAD51, Steve0-, steveb437, stevehunter909, stinkynuts, styles321, Submarine, sugardady, swm4sale, t.o.leafs.fan, takrak, taurus006, tawfick1, team_cuties, teebone, templarjoey, Tempted Monk, Terminator2000, themexi, theoparrish, theprez24, thewalker, thompo69, thumper18474, thy_cool, timmah, Timmy0427, tmoney94, Tobacman49, Toke, tombstoned23, tomlee, Tommy Ching, Tomofu, top_hustler, Toronto2069, toronto__man, toyota, trax, TRX, tsaps1, Twister, Uglyquan, uhwhat, uncle b, Uncle112, unihorse, Urban Cowboy, vcamfaz, virgin, vladimir1, VulvaLuva, waba, wanttodo, wazup, Weasel, wings999, wow169, wrxed2, xmontrealer, xvn2222, yeller, Yoga Face, yoyoma47, yycyen, Zoned1, _Square__ TERB.cc Statistics Threads 444,133 Posts 4,291,623 Members 144,044 Welcome to our newest member, Jaycep Blogs 174 Entries 1,274 Last 24 Hours 3 Latest Blog Entry, $1000 Signing Bonus!! Blondie Massage Is Hiring!! (647)876-7888 by blondiemassage Icon Legend Contains unread forum posts Contains no unread forum posts Forum is a category Forum is a Link Advertise On terb.cc Advertise Here | Ad Faq Newest Ads let's dance  sara-vesper.tumblr.com Available by prebook only at... SARA VESPER, let's dance.... 10-07-2016, 03:21 PM What do you CRAVE?...... Sheer Decadence?......... Raw and... Vancouver Bound? SEXY NEW... 10-07-2016, 03:09 PM Alyx Callie Lucy Madison Saturday @ Roommates!!! 10-07-2016, 02:45 PM Back on Wednesday Sweet kisses, A. STUNNING ALESSANDRA: Your... 10-07-2016, 02:38 PM WEST DRIVE SPA ---------------- F R I D A Y - OCT - 07... BELLA is a definitely... 10-07-2016, 02:10 PM SATURDAY AT MINX NEW NEW NEW KANDICE MARKHAM 11am to 7pm Brand New To... SATURDAY @ MINX .. NEW... 10-07-2016, 01:37 PM For the gentleman searching for that certain "je nais sais quoi", with an... Want The Best? Go With The... 10-07-2016, 01:24 PM Hi loves, Less than 24HRS left for this tour... lets make the best out of... MONICA DEL FIORE your... 10-07-2016, 01:11 PM Hello Lovely Gentlemen I will be Available in Markham for the first time ever... MARKHAM PREBOOK Oct 11-12... 10-07-2016, 12:21 PM Charlotte Edwards Toronto... 10-07-2016, 12:18 PM [FONT=Franklin Gothic Medium][CENTER] BACK IN TOWN end of OCTOBER... You like them... TALL &... 10-07-2016, 12:14 PM I am available today with my friend Aisha ! : ) 💦💦Milla and Aisha !! 💦💦 ... 10-07-2016, 11:21 AM ANNIE 19yrs 170cm 34C 300/hr [/URL] **NeW** AnNiE, StEpH,... 10-07-2016, 10:40 AM Happy Long Weekend Everyone! See you in Toronto on Tuesday! Xox OMG! Infamous 36DDD All... 10-07-2016, 10:39 AM Booking for tomorrow! Juno Grey -- Tall Blonde... 10-07-2016, 10:31 AM Downtown I'm here!!! Saturday- Downtown 9am-6pm Monday- Markham 11am-late... Sultry Sofia Well Reviewed... 10-07-2016, 10:01 AM Thank you for the great week guys!!! I will be back as of Monday the 10th of... roxanna the bombshell from... 10-07-2016, 09:59 AM Finding the best 'deal' is not always how much milage you can get or the... Touring .. Friday treat 4U... 10-07-2016, 09:54 AM !Hello Gents! IM FINALLY BACK TO TORONTO FOR A SHORT WHILE! Don't MISS ME!... ❤️LANA RAE❤️ The EURO... 10-07-2016, 09:53 AM Happy Hour Massage*: $38/45 minutes before 2:00PM /// $30/30 minutes after... Happy Hours: $38/45 minutes... 10-07-2016, 09:46 AM available today and this weekend by pre-booking! E-mail or text to book! NEW REVIEW! TERB INCALL... 10-07-2016, 09:40 AM Make this weekend memorable ❤ [email protected] Toronto's Petite Hot Blonde... 10-07-2016, 09:35 AM Let me make you extra thankful this Thanksgiving weekend! Hello Everyone!... Soft skin, kissable lips,... 10-07-2016, 09:32 AM Birthday Tour! Come celebrate with me! Visiting Toronto October 25-28! I'm... Visiting Blonde Bombshell:... 10-07-2016, 09:17 AM Website: www.pandoragirl.com Hours: 1pm-1am Call Or Text: 647.401.4544... Pandora Girl💖💖BRAND NEW... 10-07-2016, 08:38 AM -- vB4 Default Style -- Default Mobile Style Contact Us TERB FRONT PAGE Archive Top All times are GMT -6. The time now is 04:22 PM. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.3 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/carmen-s-relax-and-escape-from-your-everyday-stress-as-i-spoil-you-with-an-unforgettable-gfe-experience-xoxo/559dea24221e53e11e8b4585|_|Home New York City (850) Chicago (292) Los Angeles (1055) Boston (182) Miami (193) Washington DC (235) Las Vegas (379) San Francisco (456) Atlanta (253) Philadelphia (109) Houston (143) Tampa (108) Seattle (144) Dallas (130) San Diego (114) GFE Monkey silly name, powerful results DallasDAL > All Escorts (130)All Escorts > Carmen S.Carmen S. Carmen S. $500Price ● Available NowCurrent Status Rated 2.2 by 39 people carmensta...Email Address Dallas, Ft. Worth, Mid-CitiesLocation *Relax and escape from your everyday stress as I spoil you with an unforgettable GFE experience XoXo* My pictures are Real and YES, they are 100% Authentic and Verified on Eros & numerous other screening sites. So, what you see is exactly what you get. Do not fear, I am not a gross 400pd woman pulling a bait & switch, LOL. You will always find me impeccably polished from head to toe. Feel free to check out my TER Profile 189020. You may recognize me from my online modeling & my work in ANE, Penthouse, American Curves, & various other adult publications. An exquisite female with a playful, uninhibited spirit and a beauty that radiates from the inside out. Whether you need a gorgeous, engaging companion for dinner, or a more intimate experience, I can provide you with exceptional companionship. I have an enticing yet soothing presence and I aim to stimulate the mind as much as the senses. You will find me to be funny, witty, affectionate, romantic, & refreshingly down to earth. I will always look beautiful & understated for any occasion. My wardrobe extends from classic and fashionable to chic and seductive. I have an alluring smile with full, soft kissable lips, & luxurious long brown hair that floats over my ample cleavage, fit body, and down my "S" curved back. My goal is for our time together to be a thoroughly pleasurable & mutually satisfying experience. Our adventure will be unrushed and immensely enjoyable...Kisses! (In) 1 hour 500 2 hours 900 3 hours 1300 (Out) 1 hour 600 2 hours 1200 3 hours 1800 ***FLY ME TO YOU*** Longer dates, overnight sessions, & travel are all possible. My bags are always packed and ready for an immediate departure to your location. Excitement Awaits! Overnights 4000 Weekends (Fri-Sun) 12000 SERIOUS INQURIES ONLY. **Send your initial contact email w the following info** Name Phone Number Age Height Weight Ethnicity Provider References w Current Contact Info or FULL Employment Information If you are a member of any screening site or forum include that info as well. Day, Time, In or Out, & How many hours My Stats Gender: Female Age: 29 Ethnicity: Exotic, Black Hair Color: Brunette Eye Color: Brown Height: 5'4" Weight: 117 lbs Bust: 36DD Waist: 20" Hips: 32" Affiliation: Independent Available To: Couples, Men Availability: Incall, Outcall Location: Dallas, Ft. Worth, Mid-Cities My Contact Info Email: [email protected] Website: http://carmenstarrxoxo.callgirlfiles.com/home About Us   |   Contact Us   |   Advertise With Us   |   Donate Copyright © 2014-2016 GFE Monkey. All rights reserved.
https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/cassandra-great-reviews-617-955-2647-total-gfe-good-reviews/5560275d221e538ff58b457e|_|Home New York City (850) Chicago (292) Los Angeles (1055) Boston (182) Miami (193) Washington DC (235) Las Vegas (379) San Francisco (456) Atlanta (253) Philadelphia (109) Houston (143) Tampa (108) Seattle (144) Dallas (130) San Diego (114) GFE Monkey silly name, powerful results BostonBOS > All Escorts (182)All Escorts > Cassandra - Great ReviewsCassandra - Great Revie... See Live Profiles » Cassandra - Great Reviews Call MePrice ● OfflineCurrent Status Rated 2.3 by 126 people (617) 955-2647Phone Number Back Bay/Downtown BostonLocation TOTAL GFE GOOD REVIEWS Hi! I'm Cassie & offer a girlfriend experience. All photos are real and accurate (except now hair is below shoulders). What you see is who you'll meet. I don't rush or up-sell. Sensual, youthful & ehtusiastic escort who provides low-key rendezvous for those looking for some fun, relaxation & outmost discretion. I'm a low-volume provider, do this part-time & love the excitement it brings to my life. I will treat you as if you were my boyfriend & want to pamper you. I'm attentive & considerate - you will quickly discover that I'm determined to make our time pleasurable. Located in Boston, but can also host in the suburbs (i.e. Newton, Waltham, Burlington, South Shore) & also do outcalls. Email me to arrange a booking! 1 Hour 300 (100 extra for outcalls outside of Boston & suburbs) 2 hours 550 Overnight 1600 Available for travel (contact me for more details) * Please leave gift on plain sight BEFORE appointment begins!!!! * Please never discuss compensation and/or acts Let's make our time an amazing one... X Cassie Located in Boston and travel in the suburbs (to host, give me at least 1 day notice) [email protected] TER Reviews: 255376 My Stats Gender: Female Age: 26 Ethnicity: Latin Hair Color: Black Eye Color: Brown Height: 5'3" Bust: 34B Affiliation: Independent Available To: Men Availability: Incall, Outcall Location: Back Bay/Downtown Boston My Contact Info Phone: (617) 955-2647 Email: [email protected] About Us   |   Contact Us   |   Advertise With Us   |   Donate Copyright © 2014-2016 GFE Monkey. All rights reserved.
https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/exotic-gfe-experience-with-desire-405-283-6676-exotic-bisexual-gfe-lingerie-model-visiting-philadelphia-june-4-8-hosting-in-center-city-highly-recommended-limited-time-only-the-ultimate-gfe-experience/57503cbb221e538df88b4570|_|Home New York City (850) Chicago (292) Los Angeles (1055) Boston (182) Miami (193) Washington DC (235) Las Vegas (379) San Francisco (456) Atlanta (253) Philadelphia (109) Houston (143) Tampa (108) Seattle (144) Dallas (130) San Diego (114) GFE Monkey silly name, powerful results PhiladelphiaPHI > All Escorts (109)All Escorts > EXOTIC GFE EXPERIENCE WITH DESIREEXOTIC GFE EXPERIENCE W... See Live Profiles » EXOTIC GFE EXPERIENCE WITH DESIRE $400Price ● OfflineCurrent Status Rated 1.9 by 14 people (405) 283-6676Phone Number PhiladelphiaLocation ✈ Visiting until June 8, 2016 Exotic BiSexual GFE Lingerie Model Visiting Philadelphia June 4-8... Hosting in Center City... Highly Recommended... Limited Time ONLY... THE Ultimate GFE Experience Unbeknownst to the naked eye, I have only been seen in your dreams... An experience that can stimulate your intellect as well as your physical being. Can you imagine..... Oh I just know you have ;) Would you like to see my face?....... Schedule a session with VIP Desire to see in the flesh the wonder of this beauty with piercing brown eyes, smooth, even complexion, and soft, full lips ;) I'm Desire, an elite courtesan who provides discreet companionship for those who appreciate the finer things in life. I am most suited for those who are seeking to cultivate intimate personal connections of a highly charged nature over an extended period of time. Physicality albeit important may not be your sole consideration as you need to relate on an intellectual level first with the emphasis on companionship. The social aspect of an encounter holding equal merit. If you are looking for a 'session' or a list of services that reads like a take away menu then please think on. There is nothing more indulgent than re-living those illustrious first date feelings; the heady excitement; the internal butterflies; the flirting; the anticipation of what will unfold with sensual exploration. A dynamic achieved by a true dual interaction, when both of us are fully engaged, equally enhancing the date with altruism, and ending in mutual satisfaction. When we depart, we leave indelible fond memories, foundations for our next passionate encounter. For I am a self-confessed romantic who adores the dance of mutual seduction. For me it is very simple, when we are together, I truly want to be enjoying myself and having as much fun as you are. A shared experience is always so much more fruitful, don't you think? There is nothing wrong in life with rewarding yourself with the fruits of your labour, self-indulgence is very underrated, so go ahead, treat yourself! Carpe'diem. Required information: Name, age, race, recent reference, membership information to DC and other forum boards, as well as any scheduling information you deem appropriate :) Your cooperation will most certainly be reciprocated tenfold. Rates: 800/2 hr 600/90min 400/1 hr Before contacting me please have all verification info available (name, age, race, verification site and member information or reputable references) I am available for in call and out call!! No Upcharge!! Need proof? I have reviews available on TER (TER ID: 199137) and other sites (links available upon request), check them out!! *For the fastest response, please contact me using the contact information listed on my website. *Can't wait to see me? Fly me to you for an exclusive engagement! Contact me for details Visit my site for pictures, pricing and booking details. Don't keep me waiting! Let's have some fun... Email me for further details: [email protected] XOXOXO VIP Desire www.vip-desire.com Twitter: @VIPDesireMonet Email: [email protected] P411: P92013 My Stats Gender: Female Age: 25 Ethnicity: Asian, Black Hair Color: Dark Brown Eye Color: Brown Height: 5'6" Weight: 120 lbs Bust: 34DD Waist: 24" Hips: 34" Affiliation: Independent Available To: Women, Men, Groups, Couples Availability: Incall, Outcall Location: Philadelphia My Contact Info Phone: (405) 283-6676 Email: [email protected] Website: http://www.VIP-desire.com About Us   |   Contact Us   |   Advertise With Us   |   Donate Copyright © 2014-2016 GFE Monkey. All rights reserved.
https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/k-diva-barbara-425-495-6539-double-ddelightful/5629b13d221e53c9748b4569|_|Home New York City (850) Chicago (292) Los Angeles (1055) Boston (182) Miami (193) Washington DC (235) Las Vegas (379) San Francisco (456) Atlanta (253) Philadelphia (109) Houston (143) Tampa (108) Seattle (144) Dallas (130) San Diego (114) GFE Monkey silly name, powerful results SeattleSEA > All Escorts (144)All Escorts > K-Diva BarbaraK-Diva Barbara See Live Profiles » K-Diva Barbara Call MePrice ● OfflineCurrent Status Rated 1.4 by 39 people (425) 495-6539Phone Number SeattleLocation Double DDelightful! Amazing all-natural Barbara will entrance you with her stunning figure of 36DD-25-36. She is 5'5" and 110lb of K-girl paradise! Along with her beauty she has the skills to make the time with her the stuff of dreams for a long time to come. See her now and enjoy the memories. "I was stunned speechless by this girl's beauty. Barbara is absolutely one of the most beautiful women I've ever met." "I do not like to go into details but she showed me a new realm in how a Provider can and will spoil you. She is gorgeous and pleasing, it doesn't get any better than that." "Barbara is a trip. Her body is totally amazing and it's all real." Donations: 300/hr or 240/30 Upscale incall in Downtown Bellevue (425) 495-6539 [email protected] All new clients must be screened. References preferred, alternative screening available. Check out her reviews in the links below! http://www.thereviewboard.net/forum/posts/433622.html http://www.thereviewboard.net/forum/posts/433356.html http://www.thereviewboard.net/forum/posts/433552.html http://www.thereviewboard.net/forum/posts/433326.html http://www.thereviewboard.net/forum/posts/433271.html My Stats Gender: Female Location: Seattle My Contact Info Phone: (425) 495-6539 Email: [email protected] About Us   |   Contact Us   |   Advertise With Us   |   Donate Copyright © 2014-2016 GFE Monkey. All rights reserved.
https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/michelle-kendall-astounding-beauty-and-reviews/5560361a221e5312f68b4588|_|Home New York City (850) Chicago (292) Los Angeles (1055) Boston (182) Miami (193) Washington DC (235) Las Vegas (379) San Francisco (456) Atlanta (253) Philadelphia (109) Houston (143) Tampa (108) Seattle (144) Dallas (130) San Diego (114) GFE Monkey silly name, powerful results ChicagoCHI > All Escorts (292)All Escorts > Michelle KendallMichelle Kendall See Live Profiles » Michelle Kendall Email MePrice ● OfflineCurrent Status Rated 1.2 by 39 people michellek...Email Address ChicagoLocation Astounding .......beauty and reviews. Be captivated by Michelle Kendall, her breathtaking beauty; seductive eyes, long slender legs with a wonderful attitude to match is positively going to "wow" you! She is 5ft 6in and 125lbs active and fit hard body type yet nice and soft in all the right places. She is educated and witty so engaging in a wise and fun conversation with her is a breeze. I highly recommend Michelle Kendall for the following: Introduction session (400) An introduction session is an hour long session for exploring one another and discovering what makes each other tick. Relaxing session (700 ) During this kind of session you have more time to absorb the experience fully! With two hours you will not feel like you need to rush yourself and allow for a more natural flow during your session. It is during this time you could share a bottle of wine, drink a beer or nibble on some fresh fruit. Additional time after 2 hours is 300 an hour. I recommend dinner dates, sporting events, shows and etc. Should be booked for a min of 3-4 hours Overnight (2000) The best choice is to strip all limits on time and enjoy a sleep over. This is truly your best deal and sure to yield the best experience, this of the possibilities and the fun you will have. Contact us now and drift off into a sensual paradise with her today. Cameron My Stats Gender: Female Age: 26 Hair Color: Brown Eye Color: Brown Height: 5'6" Weight: 125 lbs Bust: 32A Affiliation: Agency Available To: Couples, Women, Groups, Men Availability: Incall, Outcall Location: Chicago My Contact Info Email: [email protected] About Us   |   Contact Us   |   Advertise With Us   |   Donate Copyright © 2014-2016 GFE Monkey. All rights reserved.
https://www.nightshift.co/forums/23/topics/411-on-paresa|_|Toggle navigation Listings Reviews Forums Chat Join Vip Sign in Sign up FAQ Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Forums » East Bay » East Bay - Hobbyist » 411 on Paresa × What's wrong? Please let us know what is wrong with this Post and we'll take care of it.   Spam   Inappropriate   Wrong Forum   Post Contain Genitalia   Other Details: (Required)   Cancel Reply To Topic   darkcloud1963 Since: Feb-2015 2 P 1 - Jan 19, 2016 - 9:30pm ( 9 months ) Did anyone see Paresa? Thx. http://sfbay.backpage.com/BodyRubs/lovely-milf-uplatereal-and-discreet-sensualerotic-no-rushfull-bodyrub/31174444   looksyounger Since: Aug-2015 609 - 3 Reviews P 2 - Jan 20, 2016 -11:15am ( 9 months ) In reply to darkcloud1963, p1 This is how you do it ... post the link here http://sfbay.backpage.com/BodyRubs/lovely-milfreal-and-discreet-sensualerotic-no-rushfull-bodyrub/31174444 and down below so that the post is preserved ...   http://sfbay.backpage.com/BodyRubs/lovely-milfreal-and-discreet-sensualerotic-no-rushfull-bodyrub/31174444 Click image to enlarge   darkcloud1963 Since: Feb-2015 2 P 3 - Jan 20, 2016 - 8:36pm ( 9 months ) In reply to looksyounger, p2 Thanks looksyounger, i am new to this forum.   Doug231 Since: Oct-2014 23 - 1 Review P 4 - Feb 10, 2016 - 8:45pm ( 8 months ) In reply to darkcloud1963, p3 bump.  Anyone seen Paresa yet?  Looks pretty hot!   slick22 Since: Jun-2015 187 P 5 - Apr 24, 2016 - 7:40pm ( 6 months ) In reply to looksyounger, p2 He phone number from the snapshot links to an escort duo.   escape Since: Aug-2014 625 - 32 Reviews P 6 - Apr 27, 2016 - 9:35am ( 5 months ) The number on her ad leads to multiple massage. Probably an agency or parlor. Here's the ad for the girl in the pics.  https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/gia-leigh-714-914-4971-the-one-and-only-gorgeous-gia-leigh-the-ultimate-upscale-companion-youve-been-searching-for/55cb2d45221e5368ca8b458c P.S. this took me two seconds to find by googling her photos.   jellroy78 Since: Feb-2016 356 - 2 Reviews P 7 - Apr 27, 2016 - 9:41am ( 5 months ) I was considering TOFFT since she is in my area and my physical type. I'll look into it more. If I do you can expect a full unbiased laser and mini.   Beefy Since: Dec-2014 1216 - 2 Reviews P 8 - Apr 27, 2016 -12:37pm ( 5 months ) In reply to jellroy78, p7 Fake pics multiple numbers   hatecoldwater Since: Jul-2014 57 - 8 Reviews P 9 - Jun 14, 2016 - 2:53pm ( 4 months ) In reply to Beefy, p8 any new info? has anyone tried her out yet?   Db925 Since: Jul-2015 3 P 10 - Jun 22, 2016 - 3:22am ( 4 months ) In reply to hatecoldwater, p9 Paresa is April or could even be her partner, Alyssa.  I guess depends whomever is available. Had a session with April last night. I knew who she was when she opened the door. Thought, might as well do it. I needed the massage. Her breath smelled of smoke. Paid for hhr. Took shower. Only one clean towel left. She offered extras. I just wanted massage. She doesn't even take off her clothes. We wake up her friend in the adjacent bed, she goes back to sleep. Awkward! Had no idea someone was even there. I finish. Total time of 15 minutes. With a shower. Lousy massage. Still got off. Oh well.  "The more you know" "knowing is half the battle"   redngold Since: Oct-2014 755 - 29 Reviews P 11 - Jun 22, 2016 - 9:23am ( 4 months ) In reply to looksyounger, p2 Simple technique for weding out the band of frauds that operate in Conc\WC area on BP.  Ask for a pic, you will always get the I don't post pics, oh yea, well what do you call your ad pics on BP? If they are unwilling to send a simple non identifying pic, pass. Guarantee you will be surprised and not in a good way when they open the door   allthepaz Since: Nov-2014 29 - 7 Reviews P 12 - Jul 18, 2016 - 2:50pm ( 3 months ) In reply to redngold, p11 Yeah, the pics in the ad are for Gia Leigh. She might be done with the Bay Area or just done in general. Its been months since shes been up here. =( Next Topic Prev Topic Twitter - Join Vip - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use FAQ - © 2016 NightShift.co
https://www.nightshift.co/forums/aamp-amp/topics/aamp-in-sf-with-any-reviews|_|Toggle navigation Listings Reviews Forums Chat Join Vip Sign in Sign up FAQ Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Forums » General » AAMP/AMP Discussions » AAMP in SF with any reviews? × What's wrong? Please let us know what is wrong with this Post and we'll take care of it.   Spam   Inappropriate   Wrong Forum   Post Contain Genitalia   Other Details: (Required)   Cancel Reply To Topic   wellwhynot Since: Sep-2014 146 - 1 Review P 1 - Jan 19, 2016 -12:31pm ( 9 months ) Not really complaining but I do not like going into AMPs because it seems like you're rolling the dice on multiple levels every time.  It appears the better AAMPs in the bay area are in the south bay.  I wish I could find a few in the north part of SF (Pac Heights, Marina, Russian Hill) with reviews and a few accurate pics.  I'm sure the guys in SF would pay a bit more because we know the rent is a bit more.     reklus Since: Nov-2015 48 P 2 - Jan 19, 2016 - 5:30pm ( 9 months ) In reply to wellwhynot, p1 If you do a little research you can find pretty cute girls in amps.  rubmaps.com is a good place to start.  Now, never been to aamp, but have seen an escort, and that shit is scary. Never know if its bait and switch, you are going to get ripped off or mugged, or setup in a policy sting.  For the most part that doesn't happen at amps.  The worst thing that has happened is you get stuck with an old asian gilf, and a sucky massage.  At that point you can say, no thank you.   wellwhynot Since: Sep-2014 146 - 1 Review P 3 - Jan 20, 2016 -11:12am ( 9 months ) Not so fast.  If you do your research with escorts the chances of getting ripped off is really low.  Well reviewed girls are usually fairly accurate on what you're going to see and services performed.  The variable to hobbying also go beyond money, there's the time spent and the risks involved.  I'd personally like to find an AAMP where I know the girls are what I like, at a donation I can afford, of course a safe place and low risk.  I went to an AMP once and I did not like the feel of it, shower was down the hall, had to ask for a second girl that was OK but not great and then see if I'd get the services I wanted.  Escorts unfortunately are starting to ask for donations outside of what I can afford these days.     Takerdwn21 Since: Oct-2015 132 - 5 Reviews P 4 - Feb 02, 2016 - 9:03am ( 8 months ) She has reviews on ter. Don't know how legit she is, but looks hot.  415-301-1136 https://www.theeroticreview.com/reviews/show.asp?id=289237 http://sfbay.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/wanna-watch-a-tiny-figure-asian-kneels-in-front-of-you/25322582   ljduzit24 Since: Jun-2014 148 - 13 Reviews P 5 - Feb 02, 2016 - 1:40pm ( 8 months ) In reply to Takerdwn21, p4 Wow sexy little spinner, anyone try before? In Sf, that area must suck trying to find parking. Any info, greatly appreciated.  Thanks.   bakerbob Since: Mar-2015 43 - 1 Review P 6 - Feb 02, 2016 - 2:01pm ( 8 months ) Its nice your SF buddies helped you out & and pointed you in a direction, asking this same question in the eastbay area gets you a pretty big middle finger   wellwhynot Since: Sep-2014 146 - 1 Review P 7 - Feb 02, 2016 - 2:09pm ( 8 months ) In reply to ljduzit24, p5 Parking in the streets in that part of town is not too bad.     wellwhynot Since: Sep-2014 146 - 1 Review P 8 - Feb 02, 2016 - 2:11pm ( 8 months ) In reply to bakerbob, p6 Hell were on this site t help one another I thought.  Yea you have to play in the shadows for multiple reasons but after all as long as everything is reasonable wtf.   bakerbob Since: Mar-2015 43 - 1 Review P 9 - Feb 02, 2016 - 2:36pm ( 8 months ) In reply to wellwhynot, p8 Even hiding in the PM shadows gets you a big public middle finger, I think most info on this site belongs in PM's. Hey look I got another # next to my screen name   wellwhynot Since: Sep-2014 146 - 1 Review P 10 - Feb 02, 2016 - 2:47pm ( 8 months ) In reply to bakerbob, p9 The majority of mongering I do is in other countries where the practice is legal.     Bballin Since: Nov-2015 55 P 11 - Feb 02, 2016 - 3:37pm ( 8 months ) In reply to ljduzit24, p5 Saw her a few months back and she is a hot little spinner. Unfortunately, in the service department she was lacking. If you're ok with a CBJ, no kissing, non GFE then she is worth a try. There was adequate parking when I visited.   ljduzit24 Since: Jun-2014 148 - 13 Reviews P 12 - Feb 02, 2016 - 5:07pm ( 8 months ) In reply to Bballin, p11 Ahhh lol ok thx man. Maybe one day    shinman Since: Dec-2015 224 - 5 Reviews P 13 - Feb 02, 2016 - 5:22pm ( 8 months ) In reply to reklus, p2 AAMPs are way better. No comparison between AMPs and AAMPs.  Check out aampmaps.com. most good AAMPs are either on the Peninsula or North San Jose. Those in the $200 or more for an hour will get you what you're looking for.    useyrhead Since: Sep-2014 280 P 14 - Feb 02, 2016 - 8:02pm ( 8 months ) In reply to shinman, p13 Yes, the AAMP experience is more of a sure thing. Especially if you read the reviews. But the AMP experience can be pretty good to even awesome if you are patient and know what you are doing. I met 4 different UTR girls at AMPs. That's the appeal to me. When you uncover a gem it is a major treat. And these aren't just gems relative to what you find in an AMP. One was a really lovely 20 yr old. When I expressed appreciation for her wonderful self lubrication she said to me, "Honey, I'm 20 years old. I'm always wet." We had a good laugh over that one. For our first few sessions she used to try to mask when she O'd because, as she put it, "I didn't want it to go to your head." Another was a Chinese girl, former model. As I was leaving one time she said, "Next time, in my a**?". Fun girl. One UTR provider was one of the loveliest Viet girls I've ever seen. For the year she was here she would drop everything if I wanted to see her. Wherever I wanted to see her. I met all of them at AMPs. So, in a very real way, going to an AMP is a bit like hunting. But you get laid while you're doing it. Not a bad deal at all. You just walk if the girl doesn't meet your standards. And then go see one of your plan B girls.   Bballin Since: Nov-2015 55 P 15 - Feb 02, 2016 -10:22pm ( 8 months ) In reply to useyrhead, p14 I mostly visit AAMP's because as you say they are pretty much a sure thing & you for the most part can expect a good time, especially at the $200 price point.  Due to to the lack of quality AAMP's in my area I do visit AMP's on occasion & part of the fun is the hunt for a good one.  I haven't found the number of gems you have but ther have been a couple.    Enlightened Since: Dec-2015 37 P 16 - Feb 03, 2016 -11:31pm ( 8 months ) In reply to shinman, p13 I think you're probably right about the Peninsula or San Jose, but in the East Bay, I don't necessarily agree with that because it depends what you are looking for. I have been to maybe 8 AAMPS in the East Bay and 1 in San Mateo. The East Bay AAMPS I went to are probably 10 day houses, the RA's were all chinese, non-gfe, with most of the girls very limited English.  Absolutely no connection. Now a few of the girls were hot, a few with a positive service mentality, but half were pretty rushed. The one RA I saw in San Mateo (a shout out to AYA) was great, though also mostly non-gfe. If I had the time to go to South Bay or peninsula, maybe I could prove your statement true. However, in the Eastbay, you can get some good mileage at AMPS's including GFE, though obviously YMMV . Language communication on the whole is a little better and the service level is designed to make you want to return. AMP girls are typically older than the AAMP's, but being older myself, this is not an impediment. Throw in the fact you often get a decent massage, and the experience as a whole at an AMP can comparatively be more attractive. Also price wise AMPS are often 45-60 + $100-$120(usually a full hour) compared to most AAMPS of $160 per hour where a few times I was out in 40 minutes. Conversely, if you wish a quickie, an AAMP at $120 is more cost effective than an AMP at $40 + $100.  Lastly, based on a recent experience, the recent opened Korean AMP's in Oakland appear to provide AAMP like service with younger and in my case a smoking hot girl. Pricing was $60 +$140 but no way was I going to let $20 ruin that opportunity. And at $200, I can't imagine any AAMP girl being hotter. Just my humble opinion.   123kid Since: Jan-2016 1 P 17 - Feb 09, 2016 - 8:23am ( 8 months ) In reply to Takerdwn21, p4 Shes 100% LEGIT. Seen her a few times already and never disappoints https://www.theeroticreview.com/reviews/show.asp?id=289237 http://sfbay.backpage.com/FemaleEscorts/wanna-watch-a-tiny-figure-asian-kneels-in-front-of-you/25322582   wellwhynot Since: Sep-2014 146 - 1 Review P 18 - Feb 09, 2016 - 1:17pm ( 8 months ) In reply to 123kid, p17 Are there more then one girl working at this place.  I found a Lola and a Shanel under the same number, https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/lola-415-301-1136-young-spinner-/56539361221e53540a8b4610  https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/shanel-415-301-1136-small-package-full-of-tenderness-unwrap-me/564ade2f221e53540a8b45b1   jroxxx999 Since: Jul-2014 17 P 19 - Feb 11, 2016 -12:21pm ( 8 months ) In reply to wellwhynot, p18 I posted last week on a different thread wondering about if NS had a reviews section for AMP's/AAMPs like RB did. I'd love it if they instated this feature since I only dabble in the AMP thing and found the reviews helpful to know if a familiar face was still around. Also, if there was new talent to ask for... or avoid. Anyone else feel like this would be a good addition? MOD: How about putting this to the NS crew?? Just sayin'...   frisco415 Since: May-2015 30 - 9 Reviews P 20 - May 02, 2016 - 1:04pm ( 5 months ) In reply to 123kid, p17 Was she GFE? What did she do and not do? Next Topic Prev Topic Twitter - Join Vip - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use FAQ - © 2016 NightShift.co
https://www.nightshift.co/forums/east-bay-hobbyist/topics/24401|_|Toggle navigation Listings Reviews Forums Chat Join Vip Sign in Sign up FAQ Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Forums » East Bay » East Bay - Hobbyist » 411 on Paresa × What's wrong? Please let us know what is wrong with this Post and we'll take care of it.   Spam   Inappropriate   Wrong Forum   Post Contain Genitalia   Other Details: (Required)   Cancel Reply To Topic   darkcloud1963 Since: Feb-2015 2 P 1 - Jan 19, 2016 - 9:30pm ( 9 months ) Did anyone see Paresa? Thx. http://sfbay.backpage.com/BodyRubs/lovely-milf-uplatereal-and-discreet-sensualerotic-no-rushfull-bodyrub/31174444   looksyounger Since: Aug-2015 609 - 3 Reviews P 2 - Jan 20, 2016 -11:15am ( 9 months ) In reply to darkcloud1963, p1 This is how you do it ... post the link here http://sfbay.backpage.com/BodyRubs/lovely-milfreal-and-discreet-sensualerotic-no-rushfull-bodyrub/31174444 and down below so that the post is preserved ...   http://sfbay.backpage.com/BodyRubs/lovely-milfreal-and-discreet-sensualerotic-no-rushfull-bodyrub/31174444 Click image to enlarge   darkcloud1963 Since: Feb-2015 2 P 3 - Jan 20, 2016 - 8:36pm ( 9 months ) In reply to looksyounger, p2 Thanks looksyounger, i am new to this forum.   Doug231 Since: Oct-2014 23 - 1 Review P 4 - Feb 10, 2016 - 8:45pm ( 8 months ) In reply to darkcloud1963, p3 bump.  Anyone seen Paresa yet?  Looks pretty hot!   slick22 Since: Jun-2015 187 P 5 - Apr 24, 2016 - 7:40pm ( 6 months ) In reply to looksyounger, p2 He phone number from the snapshot links to an escort duo.   escape Since: Aug-2014 625 - 32 Reviews P 6 - Apr 27, 2016 - 9:35am ( 5 months ) The number on her ad leads to multiple massage. Probably an agency or parlor. Here's the ad for the girl in the pics.  https://www.gfemonkey.com/profiles/gia-leigh-714-914-4971-the-one-and-only-gorgeous-gia-leigh-the-ultimate-upscale-companion-youve-been-searching-for/55cb2d45221e5368ca8b458c P.S. this took me two seconds to find by googling her photos.   jellroy78 Since: Feb-2016 356 - 2 Reviews P 7 - Apr 27, 2016 - 9:41am ( 5 months ) I was considering TOFFT since she is in my area and my physical type. I'll look into it more. If I do you can expect a full unbiased laser and mini.   Beefy Since: Dec-2014 1216 - 2 Reviews P 8 - Apr 27, 2016 -12:37pm ( 5 months ) In reply to jellroy78, p7 Fake pics multiple numbers   hatecoldwater Since: Jul-2014 57 - 8 Reviews P 9 - Jun 14, 2016 - 2:53pm ( 4 months ) In reply to Beefy, p8 any new info? has anyone tried her out yet?   Db925 Since: Jul-2015 3 P 10 - Jun 22, 2016 - 3:22am ( 4 months ) In reply to hatecoldwater, p9 Paresa is April or could even be her partner, Alyssa.  I guess depends whomever is available. Had a session with April last night. I knew who she was when she opened the door. Thought, might as well do it. I needed the massage. Her breath smelled of smoke. Paid for hhr. Took shower. Only one clean towel left. She offered extras. I just wanted massage. She doesn't even take off her clothes. We wake up her friend in the adjacent bed, she goes back to sleep. Awkward! Had no idea someone was even there. I finish. Total time of 15 minutes. With a shower. Lousy massage. Still got off. Oh well.  "The more you know" "knowing is half the battle"   redngold Since: Oct-2014 755 - 29 Reviews P 11 - Jun 22, 2016 - 9:23am ( 4 months ) In reply to looksyounger, p2 Simple technique for weding out the band of frauds that operate in Conc\WC area on BP.  Ask for a pic, you will always get the I don't post pics, oh yea, well what do you call your ad pics on BP? If they are unwilling to send a simple non identifying pic, pass. Guarantee you will be surprised and not in a good way when they open the door   allthepaz Since: Nov-2014 29 - 7 Reviews P 12 - Jul 18, 2016 - 2:50pm ( 3 months ) In reply to redngold, p11 Yeah, the pics in the ad are for Gia Leigh. She might be done with the Bay Area or just done in general. Its been months since shes been up here. =( Next Topic Prev Topic Twitter - Join Vip - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use FAQ - © 2016 NightShift.co
https://www.nightshift.co/forums/sf-bay-area-hobbyist/topics/russian-girls-on-gfe-monkey|_|Toggle navigation Listings Reviews Forums Chat Join Vip Sign in Sign up FAQ Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Forums » SF Bay Area » SF Bay Area - Hobbyist » Russian Girls on GFE Monkey × What's wrong? Please let us know what is wrong with this Post and we'll take care of it.   Spam   Inappropriate   Wrong Forum   Post Contain Genitalia   Other Details: (Required)   Cancel Reply To Topic   jcheng1977 Since: Jun-2014 74 - 32 Reviews P 1 - Jun 03, 2016 -12:26am ( 4 months ) A friend of mine pointed out that there's been an influx of really hot Russian girls into the Bay Area on GFE Monkey: https://www.gfemonkey.com/escorts/san-francisco/real Anyone have any experience with any of them?   allthepaz Since: Nov-2014 29 - 7 Reviews P 2 - Jun 03, 2016 - 7:54am ( 4 months ) In reply to jcheng1977, p1 Are these ads real? The photos look too "pro" and I'm always a little skittish when it comes to the Russians.    hundreddollarman Since: Nov-2014 66 - 6 Reviews P 3 - Jun 03, 2016 - 9:24am ( 4 months ) In reply to jcheng1977, p1 Seems legit lol   Sir_Benjamin_083   Since: Oct-2015 895 P 4 - Jun 03, 2016 -12:03pm ( 4 months ) In reply to jcheng1977, p1 Pretty much a fraud. About a year ago I noticed one of their ads for Angelynna Lima (a former LA fashion model) with a phone number. Then I went on P411 and noticed that she was E Mail only for initial contact. When I contacted her (E Mail) she told me they stole her pictures and other high end girl's pictures. What about the Russian girls? Evidently it's part of some scam. The poor bastards who shelled out the money for one of those types were bait and switch victims. To top it off you could end up paying 4-600 bucks for a CBJ. The "GFE" means nothing on that site. If you're going to play in that price range you need to get a TER membership and P411.  At P411 they actually verify the girl via ID and other methods. TER and P411 will save you thousands in grief and aggravation. Not to mention the monetary loss. Do not trust other sites including NS!   allthepaz Since: Nov-2014 29 - 7 Reviews P 5 - Jun 03, 2016 -12:21pm ( 4 months ) Pretty much. After some basic image searches I found the photographer of some of the photos and IG account for a few of the "models" Fake as fake gets.  Funny thing, one of the pro photographers lives in Moscow.      Chelsea Lane Since: Jun-2015 364 - 2 Reviews P 6 - Jun 06, 2016 - 9:41pm ( 4 months ) In reply to jcheng1977, p1 GFE Monkey is an ad scraper site, so I wouldn't trust any "ad" on there at all.  Next Topic Prev Topic Twitter - Join Vip - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use FAQ - © 2016 NightShift.co
https://www.reddit.com/r/Portland/comments/3ftrsa/today_my_number_was_posted_on_on_an_escort_site/|_|jump to content my subreddits announcementsArtAskRedditaskscienceawwblogbookscreepydataisbeautifulDIYDocumentariesEarthPornexplainlikeimfivefoodfunnyFuturologygadgetsgamingGetMotivatedgifshistoryIAmAInternetIsBeautifulJokesLifeProTipslistentothismildlyinterestingmoviesMusicnewsnosleepnottheonionOldSchoolCoolpersonalfinancephilosophyphotoshopbattlespicsscienceShowerthoughtsspacesportstelevisiontifutodayilearnedTwoXChromosomesUpliftingNewsvideosworldnewsWritingPromptsedit subscriptions front -all -random |  AskReddit -funny -pics -videos -worldnews -todayilearned -gifs -news -gaming -aww -Showerthoughts -movies -mildlyinteresting -Jokes -television -nottheonion -tifu -science -photoshopbattles -food -space -explainlikeimfive -Music -LifeProTips -TwoXChromosomes -IAmA -Futurology -UpliftingNews -creepy -OldSchoolCool -EarthPorn -Art -sports -WritingPrompts -books -DIY -personalfinance -nosleep -GetMotivated -dataisbeautiful -askscience -gadgets -Documentaries -history -philosophy -listentothis -InternetIsBeautiful -announcements -blogmore »  Portland comments Want to join? Log in or sign up in seconds.| English limit my search to /r/Portland use the following search parameters to narrow your results: subreddit:subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author:username find submissions by "username" site:example.com find submissions from "example.com" url:text search for "text" in url selftext:text search for "text" in self post contents self:yes (or self:no) include (or exclude) self posts nsfw:yes (or nsfw:no) include (or exclude) results marked as NSFW e.g. subreddit:aww site:imgur.com dog see the search faq for details. advanced search: by author, subreddit... this post was submitted on 05 Aug 2015 365 points (91% upvoted) shortlink: remember mereset password login Submit a new link Submit a new text post Portlandsubscribeunsubscribe61,884 readers 260 users here now QUICK LINKS Rules and FAQ Sidebar Links Moving to/Visiting Portland Chat Weekly: Classifieds Weekly: Events Monthly: Jobs - I'm Hiring Monthly: Jobs - Hire Me Monday Rant Friday Rave RESET PAGE - no filters, no animation WHOA, THIS LOOKS DIFFERENT. Learn more Bug report RULES and FAQ Official Rules - READ FIRST SIDEBAR LINKS Meetups and Events Relevant Subreddits External Resources MOVING TO/VISITING PORTLAND Our Visitor's Guide to Portland CHAT CLASSIFIEDS EVENTS JOBS I'm Hiring Hire Me FLAIR FILTERS [?] Show everything HIDING Hide Local News Hide Breaking Hide Housing Hide Homeless Hide Photos Hide Meetups Hide Events Hide Classifieds Hide Help Me Hide Outside News Hide Other SHOWING Local News only Breaking only Housing only Homeless only Photos only Meetups only Events only Classifieds only Help Me only Outside News only Other only FILTER GENERATOR PLAY BANNER PAUSE BANNER NIGHT MODE NORMAL a community for 8 years message the moderators MODERATORS ReallyHenderBuckman Peace_Love_Happiness elationisfacileSunnyside remotectrlSE SaraFistTigard AutoModerator24 Hour Church of Elvis PortlandBot about moderation team » discussions in /r/Portland <> X 82 points · 241 comments With Comcast data caps, let's get opinions on Centurylink, Frontier, etc... 23 points · 9 comments Teen helps deputies arrest her mother in theft ring case 663 points · 94 comments Portland Monthly Magazine 13 points Most of you have been to OMSI a bazillion times, but for those that haven't, I made a guided tour to help you see what's there and plan your visit. 26 points · 16 comments [PSA] Portland Marathon on Sunday, Oct 9 33 points · 18 comments Happy anniversary to Portland's housing state of emergency! 255 points · 76 comments Here we go again with this shit 24 points · 42 comments Will the bridge crane have body cameras? 10 points · 20 comments Mysterious buyer bids million for Wapato 10 points · 59 comments Does any one know the story behind the homeless family with the baby across from pioneer square? This is an archived post. You won't be able to vote or comment. 364 365 366 Today my number was posted on on an escort site (self.Portland) submitted 1 year ago * by SumoSizeItSW Hi, /r/Portland, I thought I'd share with you how my day went today. At approximately 10:26am, my phone blew up with texts from numerous 503 numbers with messages like "hi bby, do u have a pic?", "good morning hun, how are you doing?", and a very cordial, "Howdy ma'am." I assumed these poor fellas had met a girl at a bar last night or using an anonymous messaging service, and all been given a phony number. I simply told them they had gotten a dude's number, and thought that would be the end of it. Then some more texts revealed the true nature of these dialogues. "Outcall at noon?" one read. The fuck is an outcall, I wondered. This kind gentleman was one of the few to reply when asked where he got my number. "Just go to Backpage then click on escorts and its seven down right now." Oh. And so my search began. The IT guys assured me we didn't do any sort of traffic logging, but I figured if anything it would make for a really hilarious conversation with HR and my boss. So there I was, perusing a trove of scantly clad escort ads, trying to find the post in question, at 11 in the morning on my work's wifi. It turns out the emoji game is strong in the escort business. "S💨M💨O💨K💨 I💨N💨HOT🔥🔥 beauty" one post read. An ebony woman described herself as a 🍫Chocolate Treat🍫 - I thought the candy bars were a nice touch. The most eye-catching post, in fact, did not contain any emojis at all, but instead enigmatically read, "Sorry But due to another death in the family I will be postponing my trip!" Many escorts advertised the fact that they were drug free, while one "Lizz" boasted that she was well-reviewed, and had returned to the scene. In terms of payment, most offered payment by the half-hour, and while they never explicitly mentioned they were exchanging sex for money, it was pretty heavily implied. Still, some tried to disguise their transactions as selling "250 roses," though one woman noted that she would work for Taco Bell. I did also see the occasional post advertising a help line for people trying to get out of the escort business - a good lesson in product placement and marketing. I learned that an "incall" was where clients go to the escort, while "outcalls" meant the escort went to the client. I was keeping a few friends updated with these findings over skype, and they separately but unanimously encouraged me to go to my first outcall. Hard pass. Few women were choosey about their suitors, though most common restrictions were "no blacks", "no AA" (does that mean, like, alcoholics anonymous?), and no shy guys because it's a turnoff. So where were we? Right, looking for the post with my number. Mostly I wanted to report it and take it down, but I was also curious if "I" was a good catch. Who did these guys think they were texting? Was I a mature woman? Ebony? BBW? By noon I had missed my outcall opportunity, but more importantly, the texts had stopped, and I had failed to find the post in question. I figured at least one of the guys I responded to had reported the post, and it was deleted. And then at 4:35pm, a call came. I actually debated answering this one because earlier in the day I got a call from an unknown number and it turned out to be a friend's work asking for a reference. "That sounds terrible," the recruiter sympathized as I explained why I initially declined his call, "unless you're into that sort of thing, then what an opportunity." I let this one go to message, and of course they didn't leave one because it's very clearly a dude on my recording. But after 5 minutes I got curious if "my" post was actually still up, and rang it back. "Oh, no, just a wrong number, sorry man," the guy said. "Yeah I know," I said, "look, did you happen to get this number from a certain website?" There was a brief pause before he responded, "uh, yes." I asked him to go back to the post and please report it for me, to which he said, "sure, no problem." What a nice guy, I thought. In fact, what a "normal" sounding guy. I don't know, I guess I was convinced until now that I would have gotten a dick pic or a real creepy sounding voice. In fact, a lot of the images on these ads, assuming they were real, were pretty normal looking. It makes me wonder how many of the people I'll see on the street tomorrow, you normal looking folks, who are either using escorts or are an escort yourself. No judgement, just an interesting thought, as I walk through the streets like Roddy Piper. Finally, a word of caution: The gentlemen who called me apparently also used the same number as contact for a permit with the city of Portland, which if you didn't know is available to the public online, with the full name of the applicant. Googling that somewhat unique name came up with a number of pictures confirming his identity as well as a quote in the newspaper about his neighborhood. If I were a malicious fellow, this is some dangerous information to have. What you do with your free time is your business, but you probably should use a burner number for it. In the end, I still don't know if this was a prank or a mistype, or if I'll continue to get any more texts, but as bizarre and slightly frustrating as this experience has been so far, I learned about a side of Portland I never had an interest in, and was fascinated by it. Thanks for reading. TL;DR: someone posted my number on an escort forum, got some surprisingly not-creepy texts, and learned that there are, in fact, hot singles within 1 mile of me. 78 comments share all 78 comments sorted by: best topnewcontroversialoldrandomq&alive (beta) [–]tititanium 36 points37 points38 points 1 year ago (2 children) So what you're saying is that a person can make a fake escort ad, wait for people to call, then look up the numbers and see if it's anyone worth blackmailing? permalink embed save give gold [–]cdleechAlameda 11 points12 points13 points 1 year ago (0 children) I met a young man on the MAX who was doing time in Washington County Jail for that. He was on a pass to attend a narcotics anonymous meeting. Friendly kid. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]very_mechanical 2 points3 points4 points 1 year ago (0 children) Should probably have sex with them, too, just to make sure they're fully compromised. Oh, and video record it. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Counterkulture 31 points32 points33 points 1 year ago (12 children) You had any breakups or inter-office fights over the last few weeks? Anybody have any reason to do this to you? Don't worry, man, we got like three detectives in rotations working over time on this shit, and we're on the case. permalink embed save give gold [–]SumoSizeItSW[S] 77 points78 points79 points 1 year ago (7 children) Maybe someone just really wanted me to get laid. By like 12 dudes. In a day. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]duckduck_gooseBelmont 3 points4 points5 points 1 year ago (5 children) This is one of my fantasys. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]EvilTOJ 2 points3 points4 points 1 year ago (3 children) How YOU doin'? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]duckduck_gooseBelmont 4 points5 points6 points 1 year ago (2 children) ha ha. Do you have 11 friends? permalink embed save parent give gold [+][deleted] 1 year ago (1 child) [deleted] [–]duckduck_gooseBelmont 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) NOW WE JUST NEED 10 MORE FRIENDS. And a video camera. permalink embed save give gold [–]ColorfagSE 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) http://i.imgur.com/LoYBEhZ.gif permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Counterkulture 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) Opps, forgot to mention i have a penis. You likey? Care for a complimentary Tab from the vending maching, perchance? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]clouserwOld Town Chinatown 9 points10 points11 points 1 year ago (3 children) They're working in shifts! permalink embed save parent give gold [–]SelectaRx 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) Leads... permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Counterkulture -1 points0 points1 point 1 year ago (1 child) I chose the term 'rotations', but yes, I can see how you would arrive at that verbiage. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]JacobPDX 2 points3 points4 points 1 year ago (0 children) I'll just leave this here. https://youtu.be/pBcNpXmr-Ps permalink embed save parent give gold [–]let_the_fun_happen 25 points26 points27 points 1 year ago (1 child) FYI AA -> African American permalink embed save give gold [–]4aredhead 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) I was guessing"affirmative action?" Thanks permalink embed save parent give gold [–]BillyTheBadass 108 points109 points110 points 1 year ago (0 children) Good read. Wanna bang? permalink embed save give gold [–]Relient1Hillsboro 20 points21 points22 points 1 year ago (0 children) Something similar happened to me right after high school, but someone had written my phone number "for a good time" inside the women's restroom at Valley Theatre, now the reason this is funny is because my mother worked for QWest Wireless when I got my first cellphone, she always was a little twisted with her humor so my cellphone number was 891-STUD and my older brother was 891-HUNK. I received a very interesting call by a concerned fellow who wanted to help me get my life straight after one of his 'girl friends' saw my number. While it actually took a while to get this guy to believe I wasn't actually a ... lonely guy, the best part was walking into the Theater (which isn't the highest quality establishment, but in it's defense I think I saw the first Matrix movie there like 50 times as a kid.) and having to ask a staff of all teenage girls to escort me into the ladies bathroom and seeing "For a good time, call R*** -891-STUD." Having to turn around and look at these girls while keeping serious was the worst part. "Soo... I'm R*** and that's my number... Can you guys get this taken down?" TL:DR - Troll mom wins. permalink embed save give gold [–]baconbananapancakesReverse Transplant 18 points19 points20 points 1 year ago (6 children) Huh, I hadn't considered the usefulness of emoji in escort ads before. permalink embed save give gold [–]remotectrlSE 35 points36 points37 points 1 year ago (5 children) 👉👌💕😘😍❤️😛😺😻💋💦🎉💥 permalink embed save parent give gold [–]baconbananapancakesReverse Transplant 10 points11 points12 points 1 year ago (3 children) That looks a lot like "murder" at the end. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]clackamagickal 14 points15 points16 points 1 year ago (0 children) No emojis were harmed in the making of this snuff film. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]remotectrlSE 5 points6 points7 points 1 year ago (1 child) It's a bang! "✊" permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 3 points4 points5 points 1 year ago (0 children) 💥🔫 permalink embed save parent [–]SoldierOf4Chan 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (0 children) It's like the opening credits of Masters of Sex. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]dont_post_just_lurk 91 points92 points93 points 1 year ago (3 children) I think this is literally the first post on this sub that I actually enjoyed reading. begins slow clap permalink embed save give gold [–]SirTechDiffArbor Lodge 40 points41 points42 points 1 year ago (1 child) But mom... I'm squad deep in the clack. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]ssimonson09 2 points3 points4 points 1 year ago (0 children) Keepin' it classy in Clackistan permalink embed save parent give gold [–]linzphunSt Johns 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (0 children) slow clap for OP permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Leaves_Swype_TyposOregon City 10 points11 points12 points 1 year ago (6 children) Sounds like more fun than having your home number listed as a fucking Best Buy store. permalink embed save give gold [–]thecoffeeBeaverton 6 points7 points8 points 1 year ago (3 children) Mine was the local hospital. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]TrueEnt 8 points9 points10 points 1 year ago (2 children) Ours once got listed as the floor phone for a college dorm. Angry parents would refuse to believe it was a typo and demand that we put their sons on the phone. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]mage2kS Tabor 3 points4 points5 points 1 year ago (1 child) I had a similar situation a while back when I was getting a lot of calls from misdials for a doctor's office that had a phone number that was one digit off from my direct work line, which is a San Francisco number. It really tripped me up when people didn't believe me. "Doctor Hoser's office?" -- Nope, wrong number. "No, it's not!" -- Umm... Yes, yes it is. I'm not even in San Francisco. "&#%$#*@! <click>" permalink embed save parent give gold [–]TrueEnt 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) I would have been temped to just make the appointment when they got insistent, let the doctor then deal with their angry asses! permalink embed save parent give gold [–]cafedude 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (1 child) Worked in an office in the late 90's where my phone# was one digit off from that of a pharmacy. Since this was around the time The Matrix came out, eventually I got to the point where I'd ask the caller if they were looking for the red pill or the blue pill. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]hamellr 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) Our number was printed on the label of Skippy peanut butter. 90% of the people were understanding, but 10% would INSIST that we were Skippy Peanut Butter. We usually just ended up asking what their questions were, luckily most of them were pretty easy to make BS answers for like "What year was Skippy Peanut Butter invented?" permalink embed save parent give gold [+][deleted] 1 year ago (1 child) [deleted] [–]SumoSizeItSW[S] 5 points6 points7 points 1 year ago (0 children) I think this is why I had so much trouble finding it. The combinations for posting a number spelled out, with emojis, spaces, dashes, etc between them makes it impossible to use the search function. I combed through everything posted on the 4th prior to 10:26am, both in Portland and surrounding areas, and found nothing. Maybe the phone call guy had just left a tab open from earlier. permalink embed save give gold [–]abdalalim1982 8 points9 points10 points 1 year ago (0 children) Worst Penthouse Forum ever... permalink embed save give gold [–]looker_hooker 14 points15 points16 points 1 year ago (0 children) Hi, Throwaway for obvious reasons. So I'm an escort here in Portland. And I promise you would have no idea I'm an escort unless you were meeting me for an appointment. I'm a normal looking woman in my mid thirties who happens to be very cute, and I love men. My clients are people who you would also not expect to pay a lady for companionship. Husbands, teachers, normal guys who have needs that aren't being met. Human touch and connection is a need. Back Page is known as extremely low brow, at least in Portland, and the higher quality ladies don't advertise there because LE (law enforcement) stalks the ads pretty heavily, and for good reason. Many of the ladies are victims of trafficking, pimps, drug abuse and mental health issues. It's very sad. Ladies of a higher caliber, those who provide GFE (the girlfriend experience) advertise in ways other than Back Page. Thank you, SumoSizeIt, for writing about us in a non-judgmental fashion. Hookers are people too. :) permalink embed save give gold [–]oregone1Hosford-Abernethy 19 points20 points21 points 1 year ago (5 children) This is going to get me in trouble but here goes: I had a bunch of extra airline miles and some free hotel points so I took two of my friends to Las Vegas last September. I personally don't like gambling or strippers or touristy things so I thought it would be fun to check out the Nevada brewery scene. (SPOILER ALERT: LOL) My unmarried friend wanted his last night to be one of those stereotypically wild Las Vegas experiences, so after I forced him to hit up Banger Brewing and go hiking at Red Rock Canyon, I ordered an escort for him from Backpage. Stupidly, I called using my phone instead of the hotel phone. 20 minutes later, she showed up. Definitely not the girl from the ad (15 years older, etc), but she showed up. The ad said $200 but I lent my friend an extra $400 just in case. My other friend and I head downstairs to that shitty sports bar on the south end of the Luxor to watch the second half of the Denver-Seattle game, but before we even order a beer my unmarried friend texts me that it's okay to come up. He gave her the original $200, my $400, plus an additional $230 for an unfinished handjob. He felt too cheated to orgasm, apparently. We all had a good laugh and walked over to the Bellagio. Next morning, at the airport, an unlisted number calls my mobile. Dude is mad that we shorted his girl $500 and he needs the money within the hour. permalink embed save give gold [–]stupid_sexyflandersWoodlawn 11 points12 points13 points 1 year ago (1 child) I'm not like a math expert or anything....but $830 bucks for an unfinished handjob??? And her pimp actually expected $1350 for this unfinished handjob? You know you were getting absolutely fleeced right? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]ThisDerpForSaleNW District 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess that the hooker didn't give her pimp all the money. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]mfiasco 7 points8 points9 points 1 year ago (0 children) In the highly unlikely event that you are ever again in this sort of situation, know that there are super legit resources for hiring escorts. Craigslist and Backpage and similar cheap advertising places tend to attract the sketchy variety of woman. $800 is a fucking insane amount to give to any escort for that short of time. At least it made a good story though! permalink embed save parent give gold [–]zilfondel 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (1 child) Have you never heard of the Bunny Ranch?! permalink embed save parent give gold [–]duckduck_gooseBelmont 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (0 children) I had a tshirt from there permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Arms_Akimbo 8 points9 points10 points 1 year ago (0 children) That's awful but hilarious! Thanks for sharing. I hope you're not giving anyone ideas for revenge though.... permalink embed save give gold [–]mfiasco 6 points7 points8 points 1 year ago (1 child) Regarding dudes using their employment phone numbers- most reputable escorts screen their clients. A major way of doing this is to verify their employment. Backpage doesn't attract the most reputable crowd but many of those ladies are also on more reputable websites. Source: I have worked in the trust/safety side of the sex industry for 10 years. My job largely entails screening escorts and clients and verifying their info checks out for the websites we manage. Screening and consulting reviews is standard operating procedure for thousands of sex workers who want to stay alive and not robbed or in jail. It's a side of the industry that few outsiders know exists, but it makes a huge impact on the safety of everyone choosing that lifestyle. As you can imagine it's weird for me to casually explain what I do for a living (well, one of my jobs at least). Also if you have her email address could you please PM it to me so I can search some other databases and make sure she isn't using it elsewhere? If she's scamming people I can put her on a blacklist. permalink embed save give gold [–]SumoSizeItSW[S] 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) If I manage to find the post, I'll let you know! So far, no texts today. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]RoomInMyCar 5 points6 points7 points 1 year ago (2 children) How much did you make? permalink embed save give gold [–]SumoSizeItSW[S] 20 points21 points22 points 1 year ago* (1 child) 5 🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹 actual roses and a Cheesy Gordita Crunch. I think I'm doing this wrong. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]RoomInMyCar 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) Sounds right to me permalink embed save parent give gold [–]t_h_p7NE 7 points8 points9 points 1 year ago (5 children) Sooooo what customer service agent did you piss of in the last 72 hours. Good read. permalink embed save give gold [–]SumoSizeItSW[S] 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (4 children) I may have ordered a horrendous cup during the Shutterfly freebie post and provided a phone number for fraud protection... permalink embed save parent give gold [–]bl80 3 points4 points5 points 1 year ago (2 children) You are saying Frog Protection...? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]SumoSizeItSW[S] 4 points5 points6 points 1 year ago (1 child) I think we're on the same page. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]mage2kS Tabor 2 points3 points4 points 1 year ago (0 children) If it's Backpage, apparently. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]shaker28Mt Tabor 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (0 children) I knew that deal was too good to be true. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]SgtKashim 2 points3 points4 points 1 year ago (0 children) Heh. A friend of mine pranked a co-worker about a year back. Listed her car on Craigslist for a really good price, asked for immediate calls back. Thought it was hillarious, and her phone got swamped. Her revenge? She posted his number in the personals, asking for dick pics. "Nothing under 7.5 inches". You piss anyone off recently? permalink embed save give gold [–]Mcsquizzy 5 points6 points7 points 1 year ago (1 child) See, guys? Portland's still got it! We're no SF yet permalink embed save give gold [–]mage2kS Tabor 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (0 children) Close... permalink embed save parent give gold [–]PureAntimatter 4 points5 points6 points 1 year ago (0 children) That happened to me once too. I make about $500 the first day. permalink embed save give gold [–]Uhurungus 3 points4 points5 points 1 year ago (1 child) This has been happening on and off to my wife for about 2 years. Every few months she'll get texts asking if she's free or available at a certain time later tonight etc... We've traced it back to a backpage add. I always try to engage with the people and explain our situation, asking for info about the add so i can contact this obviously hardworking lady and let her know how much business she's missing out on. once i got so far as to have the guy engage me briefly trying to get help locating the add but he got spooked and i got crickets. so far i've not made any progress. i can't find the add. After getting on backpage and starting to look through the local adds i get very bored of it after about 5 minutes. then we forget about it and a few months later it happens again. i know what you're thinking, i should start keeping close tabs on my wife... but no, it's not her. permalink embed save give gold [–]PorterpoopiepantsEastmoreland 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) Sure permalink embed save parent give gold [–]SunstyIe 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) Amusing. Glad things seemed to settled down eventually. Life can be pretty random permalink embed save give gold [–]zeonchar 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) Very interesting read, thanks! permalink embed save give gold [–]rEuphemismWoodlawn 1 point2 points3 points 1 year ago (0 children) I can't justify spending money on an escort. Perhaps under extremely narrow circumstances. permalink embed save give gold [–]lechnito 3 points4 points5 points 1 year ago (0 children) Excellent story! permalink embed save give gold [–]chromeMike 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (1 child) A few years ago my number got posted to some escorts as a private "taxi/protector" available late at night, and I would get these voicemail messages in the morning, like 'Hi, I'm (name) on my way to (address) and I will need to be picked up at 2 am." It stopped after a week. I still feel bad about those girls left standing on the corner. permalink embed save give gold [–]mfiasco 2 points3 points4 points 1 year ago (0 children) I get the tongue in cheek reference you're making here, but a very large number of sex workers- especially those who bother to seek protection- are not "street walkers." That's a cheap shot and not even an accurate one. I realize few people care about sex workers rights but I think everyone deserves a bit of dignity and that industry will never be legitimized if this sort of language doesn't change. Nothing personal, and I don't mean to jump down your throat. It's just frustrating. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]unnamed_elder_entity 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (1 child) The funny part is that the wrong number was probably put in by some undercover cop doing a sting. I figure no less than half of all the online escorts are cops posing as hookers. permalink embed save give gold [–]SumoSizeItSW[S] 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (0 children) There were a ton of clearly fake posts redirecting to Russian bride websites, too. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]lostboyinla 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (0 children) New number time. permalink embed save give gold [–]ColorfagSE 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (0 children) RIP Roddy Piper and your phone permalink embed save give gold [–]the--larch 0 points1 point2 points 10 months ago (0 children) Did you seriously just out the guy who helped you figure it out? Serious dick move there. permalink embed save give gold [–]blacklabSW Hills 0 points1 point2 points 1 year ago (0 children) Best post ever in this sub. permalink embed save give gold [+]GlennWolfe_SE comment score below threshold-12 points-11 points-10 points 1 year ago (0 children) Cool story bro permalink embed save give gold [–]allthemoreforthat -1 points0 points1 point 1 year ago (0 children) To long to read, but : lol permalink embed save give gold about blog about source code advertise jobs help site rules FAQ wiki reddiquette transparency contact us apps & tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website buttons <3 reddit gold redditgifts Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (updated). © 2016 reddit inc. All rights reserved. REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc. Advertise - local π Rendered by PID 19893 on app-527 at 2016-10-07 23:40:52.152691+00:00 running 9927328 country code: US.
