http://articles.latimes.com/2010/jan/06/nation/la-na-male-prostitutes6-2010jan06|_|Advertisement YOU ARE HERE: LAT Home→Collections→Men Male prostitution is Nevada's newest legal profession After months of debate in the state's surprisingly squeamish brothel community, Nye County officials agree to let Shady Lady Ranch near Death Valley hire men. January 06, 2010|By Ashley Powers Reporting from Tonopah, Nev. — Brothel owner Bobbi Davis got the go-ahead Tuesday to hire what her website cheekily calls "a few good men." Her Shady Lady Ranch is searching for "service-oriented" guys willing to become Nevada's first legal male sex workers. "I personally feel, as do the many other women who have made contact with me since I started this, that this is a service whose time has come," Davis said in a letter to Nye County officials. A county board's vote Tuesday affirming that Davis could offer "shady men" to her clientele followed months of rancorous debate among the state's legal brothel community. The industry, in its own peculiar way, is somewhat conservative: Considered an anachronism of bawdy mining camps by some Nevada newcomers, it often balks at change. Of course, new ideas in a business unique to Nevada (in its legal form) are a touch different. Adding porn stars to brothel lineups rankled some owners. Overturning a ban on brothel advertising, a battle Davis and the American Civil Liberties Union helped lead, also stirred up debate. Though neither change shuttered the state's 25 or so bordellos -- some would argue the publicity helped -- many owners still operate in an off-the-grid manner, wary of being shut down. George Flint, longtime lobbyist for the Nevada Brothel Assn., has said that allowing male prostitutes could be the industry's Pearl Harbor. He has hinted that brothels possibly offering gay sex -- a choice each prostitute, as an independent contractor, would be free to make -- might sour some legislators on the entire brothel system. Nevada lawmakers are notoriously skittish when discussing the birds and bees. The Legislature, even when severely cash-strapped, has repeatedly declined to tax the brothels (which are banned in Reno and Las Vegas) for fear of, well, legitimizing the business. "This is the first time in the history of the world . . . that men have been licensed to sell sex," Flint said Tuesday, his voice rising. "It's never been done!" Davis and her husband, Jim, merely hope to boost business. Their small outpost near Death Valley, about 150 miles northwest of Las Vegas, offers as many as five women, relies heavily on travelers and has gotten some requests for gigolos. After announcing her plans this summer, Davis and attorney Allen Lichtenstein succeeded where the better-known Hollywood Madam, Heidi Fleiss, had failed. In 2005, Fleiss announced that she was moving to Pahrump, in southern Nye County, in hopes of creating a "stud farm." She opened a Laundromat instead. Davis figures that, even if it's a flop, adding men to her roster is worth trying. She has been inundated with more than 100 applications, she said, though she held off on hiring until she'd cleared all bureaucratic hurdles. The final one: Tuesday's meeting of the Nye County Licensing and Liquor Board, which is made up of five county commissioners and Sheriff Tony DeMeo, who had been openly skeptical of Davis' plan. Opponents who promised to take buses to Tonopah, however, failed to show up. Not one constituent spoke about the proposal. But DeMeo, Flint and Dennis Hof, owner of the Moonlite BunnyRanch, raised concerns about monitoring the spread of infectious diseases, though state health regulators had already cleared the way for male sex workers. "You guys can't scare me," said Commissioner Lorinda Wichman before voting in Davis' favor. "I'm going to try this." Though the vote was relatively nonconfrontational, the discussion beforehand showed how much controversy remains. For much of Davis' speech, officials rested their chins in their hands, lowered their eyes or slumped in their chairs. When the sheriff noted that Davis' statement varied from her letter to commissioners, she read aloud one section with force. "It seems the biggest hoopla is a great fear in some people's minds that some kind of homosexual activity might go on," she said. "Why panic I don't understand . . . it's not my intent to encourage or promote or to turn my business into a 'gay property.' " DeMeo wondered whether sex workers could check female customers for signs of disease as easily as men. Davis said yes. "If you want me to go into the inspection routine, I will," she said. "Please don't!" said a commissioner, to laughter. ashley.powers@latimes.com MORE: Seizure Led to FloJo's Death His 104 scores make his case Restaurant review: South Beverly Grill Brutal Murder by Teen-Age Girls Adds to Britons' Shock Comaneci Confirms Suicide Attempt, Magazine Says Advertisement FROM THE ARCHIVES A county of bad ol' boys October 27, 2006 The Fractured Life of Jeremy Strohmeyer July 19, 1998 Study of Brothel Prostitutes Finds Little Venereal Disease : Health: Nevada houses fund research by ex-UCLA professor. Infection has fallen to near zero since condoms were required. August 26, 1991 Mr. Madame : Joe Conforte, Master of Fast Shuffle and Mustang Ranch, May Even Have Bested IRS July 28, 1991 MORE STORIES ABOUT Men News Brothels Las Vegas Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Index by Date | Index by Keyword
http://cookingcourtesan.blogspot.com/2010/04/girlfriend-experience-vs-gfe.html|_|Cookies in Bed: The Journey of a Culinary Courtesan I am Tabitha Cooks, a 20-something grad student who supplements her measly income via the generosity of older male patrons. This is my interpretation of life; sex, food, amateur anthropology and courtesanry in the 21st century. Saturday, April 24, 2010 The Girlfriend Experience VS. "GFE" The "Girlfriend Experience" is a commonly used term within my industry. It had been shortened to the acronym "GFE," which is disappointing. In my personal opinion they are very different things; after participating on escort industry public message boards, I observed that many men considered GFE a particular formula regardless of time or money spent. If a girl did xyz with them it was by default a GFE, although many of these men patronised streetwalkers and other low priced options. Many women referred to themselves as a GFE, not providing a GFE. The Girlfriend Experience has become a menu item reduced an acronym--as opposed to a meaningful exchange of energy between temporary lovers. Yes, I know that its much easier to write GFE than it is to spell out "Girlfriend Experience," but once any word becomes an bastardised Internet jargon it loses much of its meaning. GFE is a formula, defined by additional acronyms. "ABC+XYZ= GFE." It is strict and limiting. There is no room for interpretation. The Girlfriend Experience is not defined by any formula but the one created by the lady and her esteemed patron. GFE can be achieved in one hour or less...it's only a formula after all. The Girlfriend Experience provides the opportunity for both patron and lady to become lovers for the time together, which is usually for an extended period of time. I received the following email from the advertising mall, http://www.gfeclub.com/ and I really liked how they defined the Girlfriend Experience. I only wish they had spelled out the term! "Girlfriend Experience is a level of service, that typically is not easy to achieve. The term GFE is used very casually in the escort industry and is often misused and misunderstood. Girlfriend Experience refers to a level of service that is developed over a long term relationship between a client and provider. It tends to be very exhausting for the provider to be as giving and accommodating as this level of service would reward. We seek quality over quantity and remain giving and true to our standards. Those that are true to the term Girlfriend Experience have, typically very few extremely influential, professional, ultra white collar clients they meet regularly. Ideally, the client must be accommodating as well, and understand EXACTLY what he is asking for when he seeks a GFE relationship, and understand that this level of service is not reached in an hour session; and in fact that reaching GFE Quality of Service means that the Experience must be equally enjoyable for both parties involved. It does NOT mean sex without a condom (which is just plain silly), or any other disgusting DISRESPECTFUL acts that might leave the experience null and void of feeling. But rather we are speaking on a deeper level of consciousness and understanding between two individuals. In Girlfriend Experience service levels boundaries must be carefully set and adhered to, for this service is the most rewarding but also possibly the most volatile." -GFE Club Merely an observation. Many people would disagree. What do you think? Posted by Tabitha "Cooks" Arceneaux at Saturday, April 24, 2010 Labels: Business of the Courtesan 6 comments: AnonymousMay 1, 2010 at 7:18 PM The Girlfriend Experience vs. "GFE" Dear Tabitha, I actually applaud this recent post of yours. I really do embrace your view of The Girlfriend Experience, where GFE as you pointed out, if I may quote you, is strictly a formula, whereas The Girlfriend Experience is not defined in that manner but created between the lady and her patron. I honestly believe this speaks to the path our dates have taken. Besides being blown away by your brains and beauty, I have a tremendous amount of respect for you as a lady and would never want to take away from the experience with expectations of a certain nature, prior to us becoming familiar and comfortable with each other, which I feel makes for a more rewarding experience over all between two temporary lovers. The formula GFE that can be achieved in one hour or less does remind me more in nature of the services that are more commonly provided by streetwalkers, which just doesn't happen to coincide with my thought process in selecting an escort. The gfeclub really spelled it out perfectly. I love when you voice your opinion about industry related topics an industry which I happen to think you bring a great degree of class to. The way that you always stay true to yourself, is just one of countless things which I love about you. Best wishes! Love, B.ReplyDelete Rachael BenedictMay 18, 2010 at 5:20 PM Love the way you put it! Emphasis is on the *experience*, because that is what it is. The whole is greater than the sum of parts. In a GirlFriend *Experience*, we are dealing as human beings to human beings, not as provider to client. The financial transaction simply defines certain boundaries and somehow helps to create that uncomplicated mental space. Love your blog and the way you're doing things :)ReplyDelete Candy PalmerSeptember 17, 2013 at 10:41 PM This is what makes escorts different from other sex workers and prostitutes. It's amazing how you put your experiences into words. If you are enthusiastic about the escorting industry, care to try an international tour to Australia? You would definitely love it! Visit my site here: Brisbane EscortsReplyDelete New York GFE ClubJuly 21, 2014 at 3:48 AM Thanks for this great share. This site is a fantastic resource. Keep up the great work here at Sprint Connection! Many thanks.gfe clubReplyDelete NYC Elite Escorts Posh-ModelsJuly 27, 2014 at 4:49 AM Great article about Escort Service and Escort models in New York.ReplyDelete Nikita AroraDecember 12, 2014 at 6:24 AM HI All……My Self Nikita Escorts Providing Services of Escorts in Delhi, Delhi Call Girls and Escorts in Gurgaon With Full of Safety. ReplyDelete Add comment Load more... Newer Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) About Me Tabitha "Cooks" Arceneaux New York, New York, United States I am engaging, witty and completely unpretentious. As a Southern gal, I pride myself in cooking and entertaining my friends. I am most attracted to men of a creative, mischievous nature (of any age, race or nationality); I adore men who posses a zest for life. View my complete profile Follow Reviews Written By Yours Truly On Yelp! Recent reviews by Tabitha C. What's this? Categories Arts and Entertainment (2) Business of the Courtesan (1) Cooking (2) New York Ebony Escorts (2) Followers My Blog List One Hungry Chef Bisd Skyward Liz Chan Elvira 't Hart's wearable clothing sketches Diary of an escort Bloglisting.net - The webs fastest growing Blog Directory! Subscribe To Cookies In Bed Posts Atom Posts Comments Atom Comments Blog Archive ►  2013 (1) ►  January (1) ►  2011 (4) ►  November (1) ►  June (2) ►  April (1) ▼  2010 (1) ▼  April (1) The Girlfriend Experience VS. "GFE" Watermark template. Powered by Blogger.
http://cuindependent.com/2010/02/04/confessions-of-an-escort-girl-on-sex-love-and-all-the-naughty-bits-in-between/|_|Friday , 7 October 2016 ABOUT CONTACT US APPLY CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING PARTNERS SOCIAL CU Independent University of Colorado Daily Student News News Politics Student Government Campus Events 4/20 Coverage People of 4/20 – 2014 Academics Community Lifestyle Beyond Boulder Environment Crime Greek Presidential Race 2016 GOP Debate: Boulder “Your money, your vote”: all you need to know What’s going on? CU Boulder on GOP Day GOP debate updates Entertainment Music & Playlists Film – TV Good Eats Sports NCAA Tournament 2016 Men’s Division I Basketball Football Women’s Division I XC -Track – Ski Club sports The Coin Toss Fitness and Wellness The Big Leagues Opinion Columns Ask Alex A Gay in the Life Cannon Fodder Dear Domna Girl on Girl Editorials Our Stance Satire Letters to the Editor Podcasts CU Taboo Tune In Turn Up Tune In Turn Up AMPED Pick Six Keg Tap The Association Luck Be a Lady Visuals People of Boulder Galleries Multimedia Syllabus CUI GRAPEVINE GRADES DATABASE Breaking News Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. Confessions of an escort girl: On sex, love and all the naughty bits in between (CU Independent/Adam Milner) Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. She graduated from CU last year with a degree in psychology and regularly works and volunteers with children. You can find lots of girls like Nikki all over the college town of Boulder. I happened to find her on Craigslist’s Adult Services. “A little sweetness goes a long way,” she wrote on her ad. Her bubbly personality saturated every last detail of her profile, complete with Xs and Os. Nikki has been working in “the industry” on and off since she was 16-years-old. She is now a resource manager working with 4 to 6 girls at a time, selling their “company” for big money all around the Denver area and Boulder. “This is not full time by any means,” she said. When Nikki is not out on her “dates,” she works part-time as a bookkeeper and administrator. As the oldest of six kids, she also strives to set herself as an example by volunteering her time at church and the non-profit she works with. She tells me that she wants to open up her own non-profit for underprivileged kids in single-parent homes someday, or perhaps become a preschool teacher or a youth minister. “I want to be something more than what money can give,” she said. But for right now, she tells me, it’s all about the money. Sex is my business, and business is good Did you know that a girl working part-time as an escort can make just as much, if not more, than prestigious lawyers and doctors? According to Nikki, you can make what you earn in corporate America over two weeks in a single day, just by seeing two guys on a non full-service level. Full-service providers, she explains, sell straight up sexual intercourse, as opposed to non full-service providers, who sell everything but, such as their company for dates. “The most I’ve made in one day was $6,200 between three dates,” Nikki said. “Once one of my girls pulled in $56,000 from just one guy.” For Nikki and her girls, there are no pimps or agencies involved. The hard-earned cash is all theirs. All the girls she works with act as independent contractors who come to her for her resources, guidance and knowledge of the market and industry. “My job is to find the best places and resources for them to get the most out of what we’re marketing,” Nikki said. “The girls and I travel and we choose states where the economy is still steady and growing.” In return for Nikki’s help, they pay her a flat rate to post their services onto Craigslist for each of these areas. They’ve been all over the country including New York, California and even Hawaii. Big bucks, independence and travel? Sign me up, please? What you didn’t know about prostitution “I help men get a better understanding of sex through women,” Nikki said. Nikki said it’s not just about the sex itself, but about anything sexual in general. “I should be a sex therapist,” she joked. I’ve heard before that men who see prostitutes don’t just come for the sex, rather, they also seek all other aspects of female companionship. Speaking with Nikki gave me further insight on the matter. “They also look for uplift and reassurance. Just as human beings, they need it. You need a hug every once in a while, you need to be loved by the opposite sex or feel some kind of compassion,” Nikki said. This girl is all about the uplift, her sunny disposition is infectious and I love it. I’m sure her customers do, too. She also clued me in on all the different tiers of prostitution, ranging from “street walkers” to upscale escort girls. According to Nikki, there is “zero” street work. Colfax used to be prime hooker territory, but hasn’t seen the high level of street work it originally became famous for in years. Now, especially in Boulder, it’s all upscale, behind-closed-doors work. Before I talked to Nikki, I got this impression that prostitutes pretty much gave up every last ounce of their dignity in order to make money, rendering their decision power worthless. However, at least in the upper tiers of prostitution, the girls pretty much have the say on everything, from the guys they choose, what they want to do and how much they’ll be getting paid for it. “I’m picky,” Nikki said. “I just don’t see anyone. If I don’t like the guy, I won’t go through with the date. I’d be sweet and wouldn’t put him down, but I’d wean him to another girl who could better suit him and make him happier.” As far as the sex (or non-sex) goes, each girl decides on her own boundaries. Some don’t even provide full-service at all, rather, they may simply provide their company for dinners and dates. So how much cash is being thrown down for these girls? “It’s however much you want to make it. If they can’t pay that, then they’ll negotiate for whatever else,” she said. “The ball is always on my court.” The freakiest dudes in all the nation Of course, I had to ask Nikki about her strangest requests. She laughed and talked about golden Showers, strap-ons and the like. She did say the freakiest guys she’s ever seen throughout the country are in Boulder. Apparently, the white, older, hippie business guys are the ones to watch out for. “They have the weirdest requests,” Nikki said. “One guy wanted me to… What exactly do you call the opposite of a Golden Shower? I can’t even bring myself to talk about it, let alone do it.” She visibly struggled to find the words. “I can’t shit on anybody, sorry,” Nikki said. “And I won’t, plain and simple.” Word to the wives The majority of Nikki’s customers are married men who have been strictly with their wives for years or who have not had partners who are very sexual or open. “I give them something to go home and love their wives better with,” she said. I was intrigued. Could she convince me that prostitution could actually be conducive for a man’s love for his wife? “It’s men’s nature to want variety. It’s their animal instinct to breed with the most young and desirable women. It goes way back and love has nothing to do with it.” Nikki first explains that sex and love are two completely different things (for men anyway). According to Nikki, the guy has that one girl he loves, the one he marries. However, he also has his sexual needs. “He loves that one girl, but if he’s not getting what he needs or is deprived, he’ll become bitter towards her,” Nikki said. The idea is that once Nikki helps relieve these needs, it allows him to return to the one he is married to and carry on with their relationship, bitterness-free. “They might feel guilty, but it’s in their nature and they really need the sex. If their wives can’t give it to them, they feel badly about it,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that it’s human nature. “I also feel guilty to a certain extent, but really if the woman can’t give a man what he needs, he’ll go out and look for it elsewhere, plain and simple. And that’s where girls like me come in and give it to them,” Nikki said. It’s not purely about sex, though. Nikki said it’s also about the comfort her and her girls can give. “It’s not always physical, though,” she reminds me, “It’s also about uplift and reassurance.” The dichotomy of the “wife and the mistress” came to mind. Does it really all boil down to biological and evolutionary factors? Is this something we’ll all simply have to come to terms with? The good, the bad and the ugly “There really isn’t a least favorite aspect of the job,” Nikki said, “I love it all.” For Nikki, she said the job isn’t just about good pay, she genuinely enjoys it. “It’s like my dating scene. I pick and choose. I love older guys, men of power, well-dressed and charismatic. I’m completely engaged when we have fun and am totally enthralled by it. I wouldn’t do it if I didn’t like it. There’s no shame in what I do, I genuinely love everything I do.” To understand her passion, you also have to understand her philosophy. Nikki said she truly believes in doing what she does to not only bring uplift to her clients, but also to herself and her girls. “Girls might feel belittled, degraded or disrespected if they let themselves. If they put themselves in that position, then they absolutely will feel lesser for what they do,” Nikki said. Nikki said she only wants to be around girls who enjoy the job for what it is. “If at the end of the day you’re going to go home and feel like shit, then I don’t want to be a part of it. You have to genuinely like making the guys feel better,” Nikki said. “Then you feel better. It’s a mutual thing.” However, with the good also comes the bad. “I’ve been robbed, arrested, taken advantage of and hit. It’s all part of the risks. There are no policies and regulations for prostitution. It’s a free-for-all,” she said. There are some security measures they try to enact when they can, but ultimately the security measures can only do so much. “In big cities with all girls and no men, we have security people watching on the outside. But when you’re alone in a room with a guy, it doesn’t matter what kind of security you have. It’s you and him,” she said. Nikki and her girls take precautions and bring mace, switchblades and even take self-defense classes. She tells them that if it comes down to money, they should rather get ripped off than get raped or beaten. “You can replace that money,” Nikki said, “but you can’t replace yourself.” Then with the bad comes the ugly. Nikki revealed to me a darker part of her career. “I’ve been caught for prostitution and I’ve had a police officer come in and take complete advantage of me, and then turn around and arrest me for it,” she said. The experience of having a police officer violate her was one that Nikki won’t forget soon, if ever, she said. “At that point in my life, I would have felt better getting raped and robbed by somebody else, but having a police officer…” She said when the officer took her to court for prostitution she hired a good lawyer and got her case dismissed in court because of the fact that she had been raped. She said the officer didn’t confess, but all the evidence was there and he couldn’t deny it. “But it’s not just him, it’s hundreds of officers taking advantage of girls,” Nikki alleged. Legitimizing prostitution “If I would change anything about my job, it would be to make it legal,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that prostitution is illegal for the simple fact that the government cannot tax it. “I just feel like there’s so much that’s OK and that’s legal that is way worse than this,” she said. “If it’s consensual, the guy wants to do it and the girl wants to do it, who is the government to say it’s not OK?” I can sympathize with her on this. It’s difficult to work and pay tax dollars just to have a police officer rape you, turn around and arrest you for it, and have the law punish you for other acts that have been completely consensual. “It’s absolutely ridiculous that they can’t just let us do what we want, and because they can’t tax it they’re going to set up task forces that cost millions of dollars of tax money to stop something consenting adults want to do together,” Nikki said. Parting our ways Despite everything, Nikki said she has no regrets. “Anything that’s ever happened to me has made me stronger and built character,” she said. It has helped her go forward and teach other girls in the industry to help them realize what it really is, what it can be and what they may get out of it. “I’m here now in my place in the world to help people. No matter if it’s the children in the non-profits that I work for; to the women I hire to work for me. Ultimately the goal is to help them help the world.” When I first met Nikki, I had my doubts and my skepticism about the things she’s said and the things she believes in. Was she really so different from myself in those respects? Through our conversation, I realized that she is just like any other girl who channels her heart and soul into everything she does, including her own career. I got up to shake her hand, but instead she grabbed me and gave me a hug. She was happy, infectiously so, and all she wanted to do was to make others happy, too. At that point, it was hard not to believe in her. Contact CU Independent Staff Writer Natalie Bui at Natalie.bui@colorado.edu. 2010-02-04 CUIndependent Share Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest About CUIndependent The CU Independent or CUI for short is the student newspaper for the University of Colorado at Boulder. We cover News, Sports, Politics, Entertainment, and more. Our mission: to give the students at CU an online publication for students and by students, about the things we care about. Previous KU game sells out Next No smoking zone Check Also Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Political discussion among differing opinions is the only real path to change. By Jackson Barnett 13 comments toast88 February 4, 2010 at 7:16 pm This was one of the most eye-opening and insightful articles I’ve read this year. Definitely one of the most engaging articles on CUI. Simply amazing. Log in to Reply bob February 10, 2010 at 10:16 pm very interesting Log in to Reply ben February 15, 2010 at 8:21 am hi nikki, speak to more. you are just waaaaaw Log in to Reply Nats April 22, 2012 at 4:27 am Nikki is a profound thinker Log in to Reply emoman May 13, 2012 at 9:44 am Wow… This article is such an eye-opener. I did not have even slightest of idea that any girl could understand men so accurately. Nikki understands that sex is something essential for us men..Rarely do women understand that..They think we’re devils if we want physical intimacy.. And she’s absolutely 101% right about one thing – It’s not just about sex. It’s also about uplift, reassurance, aspects other than sex.. being understood is the best luxury anyone can have. . I love girls like Nikki. All the very best Nikki! Log in to Reply Sylvia May 18, 2012 at 9:46 am Absolutely interesting article Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:36 am good good Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:38 am I like You Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:40 am good boy Log in to Reply anon December 5, 2012 at 10:24 am Wow what a bunch of horsesh*t. As the former wife of a married man who frequented the Boulder college escorts I can tell you with absolute certainty that his indiscretions did NOT enhance our marriage or sex life. In fact, quite the opposite. He became increasingly arrogant and abusive, which resulted in him getting caught, getting arrested, and losing everything. As a result of losing his home and family (we have two young daughters together), he tried to kill himself. So, it’s just sad and pathetic to hear some ignorant college girl talk about the benefits she’s providing to families by screwing the husbands. Yeah she’s screwing them, just not in the ways she thinks. Log in to Reply Sydney December 26, 2012 at 1:51 am how can I get into contact with Nikki? Log in to Reply Marlene Damaro March 3, 2013 at 4:54 am Thank you for this uplifting story. From what I read in forums, it seems that many sex workers are getting exploited and only do it for the money. My experience as escort girl has been generally positive. I’m a medical student in Germany and have been doing high-priced escort work for almost 3 years. First 6 months with an agency in Switzerland and then as independent escort in Germany (and occasionally Basel and Ibiza). Prostitution is legal in most European countries. Perhaps I’m lucky that I managed to quickly build a repeat customer business, so I avoid risking negative surprises with first-time clients. My customers treat me well, are well-mannered and well-groomed and quite generous. Two or 3 dates a month are enough to finance my study and lead a comfortable life. Sure, there are downsides like leading a double-life because prostitution is stigmatized and the fear of getting exposed. It certainly is not a job for every girl, but I’m sexually liberal, like to please and be pleased by men, and I enjoy having sex. It makes me feel good when I can make my customers happy, not only by having sex but also by listening, showing understanding and giving warmth. Log in to Reply TruthTeller October 7, 2013 at 8:58 pm Believe me @anon December 5 2012…he didn’t try and kill himself because of the escorts……and if your marriage wasn’t enhanced and you are looking for a reason why then I suggest you find a mirror. Seriously Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Sponsor @The_CUI Tweets by @The_CUI Check it out: Recent Posts Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Check it out:
http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=117832541|_|Customer Support 1-866-236-8417 • Help • Get Discounts & Deals Free Gift with Orders Over $99 United States Store Training Find A Plan Nutrition Women Videos Apps United States Shop Store Home Top 50 Products Top 10 Product Lists Sales & Specials Categories Brands Goals Ingredients Shop by Popularity Whey Protein Pre-Workout Creatine Build Muscle Weight Loss Clothing Workout Accessories Just For You Order History Quick Reorder What's New Shop Women's Store Get Fit Find A Plan Weight Loss Build Muscle Workouts Exercise Database Transformations All Training Articles Get Ready BodySpace Clothing Workout Equipment Transform For Life Challenges Featured What's New Ask the Experts Motivation Tools and Trackers Get Started Men's Weight Loss Plans Men's Build Muscle Plans Women's Weight Loss Plans Women's Build Muscle Plans Fitness 360 Weight Loss Plans Fitness 360 Muscle Building Plans All Plans Plan Diet Plans Find a Supplement Plan Apps Featured What's New BodySpace Ask the Experts Fitness 360 Eat Well Diet Plans Recipes Meal Planning Supplementation Calculators Nutrition Tips All Nutrition Articles On The Go Healthy Foods & Meals Multivitamins Food Storage Featured What's New Top 50 Supplements Top 10 Protein Bars Be Active Workouts Weight Loss Build Muscle Recipes Lifestyle Transformations All Women's Articles Shop Shop Women's Store Supplements Protein Clothing Multivitamins Fat Burners Featured What's New Motivation Videos Watch Training Workouts Exercise Guides Nutrition Supplementation Motivation Women All Videos Learn Recipes Diet Plans Health & Lifestyle Featured What's New Programs Sports Be Mobile Store App B-Daily BodySpace Transformed Charlie Mike Big Man On Campus Modern Physique All Apps Get Started Find a Plan Diet Plans Find a Supplement Plan Featured BodySpace Forum Photo Gallery {{context.title || 'All'}} Cancel Today's Posts FAQ Community BodySpace BodyGroups Pictures & Albums Members List BodyBlogs Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders Who's Online Advanced Forum » More General Categories » Misc. » Escort Terms Results 1 to 10 of 10 Thread: Escort Terms Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… Search Thread   Advanced Search 07-20-2009, 09:11 PM #1 ineed$ View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: May 2007 Age: 30 Stats: 5'11", 174 lbs Posts: 4,676 BodyPoints: 6528 Rep Power: 1240 Escort Terms Thought you guys might want to know some of these terms if your ever reading something and they pop up. lol * A-Level (Anal Sex) * ABC (American Born Chinese) * ABJ (American Born Japanese) * AMP (Asian Massage Parlor) : An erotic massage establishment that primarily employs Asian prostitutes. * AAMP (Apartment Asian Massage Parlor): Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. * ASP (Adult Service Provider) * ATF (All-Time Favorite) : A particular client's favorite prostitute. * ATM (Ass to Mouth) * BBBJ (bareback blow-job): Fellatio without a condom. * BBBJTC (bare back blow job to completion) * BBBJTCIM (bare back blow job to completion in mouth) * BBBJTCWS (bare back blow job to completion with swallow) * BBBJWF (bare back blow job with facial) * BBFS (bare back full service) * BBW (Big Beautiful Woman) : A large woman, often obese. * BCD (Behind Closed Doors) : Intimate activity that occurs in private. * BFE (Boyfriend Experience) * BJ (Blowjob) * BL (Ball Licking) * BLS (Ball Licking and Sucking) * BSB (Bus Stop Babe) * CBJ (covered blow-job) : Fellatio with a condom. * CDS (covered doggy style) * CFS (covered full service) : Intercourse with a condom. * CG (cowgirl = girl on top facing you) * CHI (Chicago or CHGO) * CL (craigslist.org) * CMD (carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde) * CMT (Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse.) * CIM (come in mouth) : Prostitute allows customer to ejaculate in her mouth. * COB (Come on Breasts) * COF (Come on face): Prostitute allows customer to ejaculate on her face * DFK (deep french kissing): See GFE. * D&T : Deep and Tight * DATO (Dining at the O) : Anilingus, oral stimulation of the anus. * DATY (dining at the Y.) : Cunnilingus performed by the customer on the prostitute. * DDP (double digit penetration, vagina and anus) * DT (Deep Throat) - The recipient "swallows" the length of the penis. * DDE (doesn't do extras (PS only)) * DDG (drop dead gorgeous) * DFK (deep French kiss) * DIY (do it yourself (masturbation)) * FIV (finger in vagina) * FKK (Frei K?rper Kultur. German brothel / nudist club) * FOB (fresh off the boat. Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US) * FOV (finger outside vagina) * FBSM (Full Body Sensual Massage) : An encounter that is not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and handjob, but more services might be available. * FS (Full Service) : An encounter that includes intercourse. * GFE (girlfriend experience) : Encounter with the prostitute is more like that of two lovers than that of a prostitute providing the means for the customer's release. Often includes BBBJ, DATY, DFK, FS. * GS (Golden Shower) : Occurs with a recipient being urinated on. * HJ (handjob) : Manual stimulation of the penis. * HWP (Height/Weight Proportional) : Normal build, neither unusually slim nor heavy. * J353 : Oral stimulation and deep tongue penetration of the female's anus by the male. (from the jeans with a rear zipper) * L1 (Level one) : experience includes ejaculatory release via manual stimulation * L2 (level two) : experience includes ejaculatory release via manual and oral stimulation * L3 (Level three) : experience includes vaginal and/or anal penetration * LE (Law Enforcement). * LBFM: (Little brown ****ing machine) : US Navy - Filipino women that worked the bars around Subic Bay, many of them looking for boyfriends/husbands amongst the military men. Became a standard reference during the Vietnam war and has since come to mean any dark skinned woman in a poorer country that works in prostitution or hangs out in bars hoping to date foreigners. * LMT (Licensed Massage Therapist) : A massage provider who is licensed in the state in which she practices. * MILF (Mom I'd Like to ****) : An attractive woman in her 30's or 40's. * MFAQL : (Marry first, ask questions later) * MSOG (Multiple Shots on Goal) : The client is permitted to have more than one orgasm during the encounter. * NE (Northern Exploration) : Touching the upper part of the provider's body, typically the breasts. * NQBS (Non-Quitter, But Spitter) : Fellatio in which CIM occurs and the recipient spits the semen out. * NQNS (Non-Quitter, Non-Spitter) : Fellatio in which CIM occurs and the recipient swallows the semen. * NFS (Non-Full Service) : An encounter which does not include intercourse. * OWO (oral without) : Fellatio without a condom. * R&T (Rub and Tug) : Hand relief * PSE (Porn Star Experience) : An encounter that is wild and uninhibited. * RHG (Red Hot Gem) : A must see for return visits, way above average. * RL (Rose Leafing) : licking the anus - sometimes the prostitute uses small condom on her tongue * RMT (Registered Massage Therapist) : A massage provider who is registered in the state in which she practices. * RR (Rough-rider) : prostitute who demands a spank and goes very hard and will return your hits, and verbally abuse you to get you to ride her rough and hard. May use nails and spit too. Similar to a PSE. * SE (Southern Exploration) : Touching the lower parts of the provider's body, typically the buttocks and genitals. * SLGHCSWAP - usually describes a hobbyist who has "so little game he can't score with a pro" * STD (Sexually Transmitted Disease) * STL (Swallow the lot): Prostitute swallows all the semen * TOFTT (Took One For The Team) : A hobbyist who undertakes a session with an unknown provider, and has a bad experience. He "takes one for the team" in order that others may benefit from his knowledge (shared in a review.) * TS (Transexual) : An individual who undergoes gender reassignment surgery. * TS (Table Shower) : An activity in which the client lies on a raised table, and is washed by an attendant. Usually found at AMPs. * TUMA (Tongue Up My Ass): Oral stimulation of the anus involving pressing the tongue into the anus-usually accomplished in conjunction with "rimming" (see below). * TV (Transvestite) : A man who dresses to appear as a woman. * YMMV (Your Mileage May Vary) : A catch phrase which signifies that each encounter may very well be different. * 50/50 (or "half and half") : Oral sex to stimulate the male followed by intercourse Jargon * Asian : Oral sex on the anus of either sex (aka Rimming or Around-the-World). * Cat Bath : Licks all over ones body - back and front * Clockwatcher : A term for a provider who counts the minutes until the session is over. Usually used to describe a provider who rushes and does not enjoy her work. * Cowgirl : Intercourse with the female astride the male. * Deep throat : Fellatio where the whole length of the penis is held in the prostitute's mouth and throat. * Doggie Style : Intercourse position where woman is on her hands and knees, and the man enters her from behind. * French : Oral sex. * Greek : Anal sex. * Full service : Sexual intercourse. * Hobbyist : A client of a prostitute. * In-call : Client visits the prostitute. * Jane : Female client of a prostitute. * John : Male client of a prostitute. * Out-call : Prostitute visits the client. * Provider : Prostitute. * Review : A written description of an encounter, usually on a website. * Rimming : Colloquialism oral-anal-sex, technically known as anilingus. * Russian : Simulated intercourse with the penis between the woman's breasts. * Spanish : Prostitute stimulates the penis between her breasts. * Spinner : A prostitute of small stature and petite proportions, typically less than 5'-4" and 110 lbs. * Upsell : A situation in which the provider asks for further renumeration after the sexual activities begin. 07-20-2009, 09:12 PM #2 Howiester View Profile View Forum Posts hamsterbrah Join Date: Nov 2008 Location: California, United States Stats: 5'9", 185 lbs Posts: 20,424 Rep Power: 72452 in b4 clive. 07-20-2009, 09:15 PM #3 BlitzKrag View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: Feb 2009 Stats: 5'9", 167 lbs Posts: 2,210 Rep Power: 0 I'm 12 and what is this? 09-17-2010, 11:38 AM #4 ineed$ View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: May 2007 Age: 30 Stats: 5'11", 174 lbs Posts: 4,676 BodyPoints: 6528 Rep Power: 1240 bumb 09-17-2010, 11:40 AM #5 CarlMcGuirk View Profile View Forum Posts DINK (not the penor kind) Join Date: Jul 2010 Location: Pennsylvania, United States Stats: 6'3", 236 lbs Posts: 17,142 Rep Power: 14701 AIDS: what you're gonna get 09-17-2010, 11:43 AM #6 datboigene View Profile View Forum Posts Visit Homepage God's got my back (srs) Join Date: Jun 2009 Age: 27 Posts: 15,119 Rep Power: 20332 Originally Posted by CarlMcGuirk AIDS: what you're gonna get True that Robbery: When a john goes to the prostitute and gets beaten and money stolen by Ray Ray or Jamaal.. usually a black guy is the person taking the money from the John 09-17-2010, 11:45 AM #7 Otaman View Profile View Forum Posts In Perpetual Cut Mode Join Date: Apr 2009 Location: Canada Stats: 5'10", 175 lbs Posts: 11,755 Rep Power: 23151 that's illegal 09-17-2010, 11:50 AM #8 Big_Carphuna View Profile View Forum Posts Chupacabra Supreme! Join Date: Jan 2010 Age: 41 Stats: 6'0", 205 lbs Posts: 6,693 Rep Power: 3071 In b4 Bateman. 978 (Lowell, MA) checking in. ^^^()()CTPUMP CREW()()**Master Chief**^^^ +United Misc Front+ ----COME AT US!---- 09-17-2010, 11:51 AM #9 JoeAmerican View Profile View Forum Posts Banned Join Date: Sep 2010 Age: 36 Posts: 77 Rep Power: 0 Originally Posted by datboigene True that Robbery: When a john goes to the prostitute and gets beaten and money stolen by Ray Ray or Jamaal.. usually a black guy is the person taking the money from the John LMAO: When poster quoted above writes this sh*t 09-17-2010, 11:56 AM #10 CementPizza View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: Jan 2002 Location: Littleton, Colorado, United States Stats: 5'11", 288 lbs Posts: 35,176 Rep Power: 29693 In b4 Maldorax I am sex ur butt. Cement Pizza doesn't afraid of doing your mom. RIP: Hector Bluntz Quick Navigation Misc. Top Site Areas Settings Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Forums Main Forums Supplements Product Reviews - Help Out! Supplement Logs Sponsored Supplement Logs Company Promotion Supplement Misc. Supplement Wars! Workout Equipment Workout Programs Workout Journals Olympic Lifting Exercises Injury Recovery And Prevention Nutrition Nutrition Logs Nutrition Misc Keto Keto Logs Keto Recipes Losing Fat Losing Fat Logs Specifically For You Teen Bodybuilding Teen Misc. Teen Workout Logs Over Age 35 Over 35 Workout Journals Over 35 Misc Female Bodybuilding Journaling Female Misc. Company Promotion Powerlifting/Strongman Powerlifting Workouts - Training Journals Powerlifting Video Library Personal Trainers Section More General Categories Post Your Pictures and Introduce Yourself Sports Training Sports Training Journals Professional Bodybuilding Men's Physique Contest Prep and Competition Discussion Contest Prep Journals Motivation Misc. Gaming and Technology Sports Fantasy Sports Education/Career/Finance WWE Wrestling Forum MMA Fighting Automotive and Motorsport Religion and Politics Relationships and Relationship Help Support & Feedback Board & Feature Requests Post Your Own Articles! Moderator Application Form BodySpace Profiles And BodyBlogs « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Bookmarks Bookmarks Digg del.icio.us StumbleUpon Google Facebook Twitter Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules -- BBcom 2014 -- BBcom 2014 Mobile -- BBcom Black Contact Us Bodybuilding.com Archive Top Need Help? Help Center Email Support Live Chat Gift Certificates Send Us Feedback Orders & Shipping Order Status Returns/Exchanges Shipping Support United States Connect With Us Join Our Newsletter Be the first to receive exciting news, features, and special offers from Bodybuilding.com! Careers Terms of Use About Us Site Map Advertise With Us Affiliates Help Â© 2016 Bodybuilding.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Bodybuilding.comâ  and BodySpaceÂ® are trademarks of Bodybuilding.com, LLC. Â©  Bodybuilding.com,  5777 N. Meeker Ave.  Boise ID  83713  USA  1-866-236-8417
http://genderberg.com/boards/viewtopic.php?f=10&t=1244|_|genderberg.com Skip to content Advanced search Board index ‹ Public Forums ‹ essays, articles, rants for public view Change font size Print view FAQ Register Login prostitution terminology & slang Got something to share with the reading public that isn't an action but should be read? Moderators: delphyne, oneangrygirl, deedle, sam Post a reply 1 post • Page 1 of 1 prostitution terminology & slang by sam » Wed Jul 26, 2006 5:25 pm Prostitution Terminology By Joseph Parker, Clinical Director The Lola Greene Baldwin Foundation http://www.prostitutionrecovery.org/pro ... ology.html The following list of prostitution terminology was accumulated by working directly with prostituted women, children, and men, as well as pimps. Some also came from law enforcement and other agencies which have contact with prostituted people. Some prostitution terms are stable and very old. Others are rapidly changing or regional. The main purpose, other than to evade law enforcement, is to make the kids and adults being prostituted feel special and different from "squares" and support their fantasy that they have more glamor and more control of their lives than they do. Some terms are not from the common language because they refer to experiences luckier people are unlikely ever to have. ARRANGEMENTS OR UNDERSTANDINGS: in places where prostitution is legal, the drug laws are not abolished, yet prostitution sites need large and regular drug deliveries to keep their prostituted people numb enough to survive and keep working. Agreements are made not to enforce the drug laws around protected establishments. The government officials and businessmen involved usually are paid in money, sometimes in drugs for their own use, but almost always, in special sexual services. These often are secretly videotaped in case the arrangement needs to be helped along with blackmail. AUTOMATIC: when the pimp is out of town, in jail, or otherwise not in direct control of those he is prostituting, the victims "automatically" go out to prostitute without being ordered to. AROUND THE WORLD: vaginal intercourse (chiefly from trucking industry). BABY 'HO: unusually young person being prostituted. Age 12 and younger are not unusual. BAREBACKING: sex without a condom. Some HIV positive men will not disclose their status but offer extra money. Also sought by others whose HIV status is unknown. Almost everyone in prostitution very long becomes hepatitis C positive. BED DANCING: a strip club performance in which a naked or nearly naked woman will dance on top of a clothed man on a bed in a private room. Readily escalates to acts of direct prostitution. BITCH (AS WELL AS CUNT, 'HO, SLUT, ETC.): used by pimps and customers to address or refer to prostituted women, and often nude dancers. BOTTOM BITCH (PREVIOUSLY BOTTOM LADY): a pimp who has more than one woman under his control will appoint one woman to supervise the others, report rule violations, and often help inflict punishment on them. Some, in later life, will go on to become pimps, madams and escort service operators themselves. BREAK A BITCH: when the pimp, or someone acting for him, takes all the money a prostituted person has earned. May be done several times a day. BREAKING IN A NEW BITCH: things a pimp does to take control of a new victim. (Related word: "seasoning".) BROTHEL, BORDELLO, CATHOUSE, WHOREHOUSE: may be a large apartment or actual house, or, in Nevada and other countries, a specially built facility for selling sex on the premises. Often has extreme security measures to prevent attacks by other criminals seeking the large amounts of cash and dope kept there. The security is two sidedÐto keep the women and children in, as well as robbers out. The places often are guarded (and open) 24 hours a day, but some have closing times in which the victims are locked in from the outside. CAR TRICK, CAR DATE: prostituted person is picked from the street by a john for the purpose of having sex in the vehicle. Very dangerous, because once in the car, she is isolated and under his control. He can do anything, including robbery, assault, dumping her naked in a remote area, or even murder. Entering a vehicle with more than one man in it, or getting into a closed van are even more dangerous. CATCHER: usually younger, "wannabe pimps", who watch prostitution victims on "the track" or in other prostitution venues, to make sure they are following the pimp's orders. CAUGHT A CASE: either the pimp or a prostituted person has been arrested and charged with a crime. CHOOSE: the victim can be told she has chosen a pimp by as little as making eye contact with him. Usually involuntary, but some more experienced women may be able to negotiate a change of pimps if they have the fee. CHOOSING FEE OR CHANGING FEE: amount paid by prostituted person to the original pimp to compensate him for what he has lost in the course of the victim changing over to the control of a different pimp. CIRCUIT (OR TRACK): a set area where prostituted people are regularly available. This can be the area around a group of strip clubs and pornography stores or a particular stretch of street. Within a country, it can be a series of cities among which prostituted people are moved, such a as the west coast circuit of San Diego, Las Vegas, Vancouver, BC and cities in between. It can also be a chain of states, such as the "Minnesota pipeline" by which victims are moved through a series of states, from Minnesota to markets in New York. CLUB EXECUTIVE: manages sex industry clubs and bars. Often claims to own or partially own the business. Often they do not, but are acting to conceal ownership by one of the communities major "respectable businessmen" or organized crime. Attempts to trace true ownership often lead only to holding companies and corporations that only exist in some attorney's office. COMBAT ZONE: municipal strategy of trying to confine sexually oriented businesses to a small area, one in which the residents are poor and small legitimate businesses in decline. The zone also becomes the center for street prostitution, drug dealing and high rates of other crime. The idea is to protect "better" areas from the increased crime rates, degraded quality of life and falling property values. This strategy has generally failed because the combat zones bring in more customers from a wider area, and more businesses are established, resulting in the problems spreading to other parts of the community. COMIN' UP: refers to a victim recently turned out who is bringing in good money. COUCH DANCING: a strip club performance which may very from club to club and area to area. Sometimes it will involve dancing on a box between the trick's legs, other times it will consist of straddling the trick while he lies on a couch. The customer usually is clothed, while the woman is naked or nearly so. It may take place in an open club area, or in a private booth set up to facilitate direct prostitution. DADDY: what pimps require their victims to call them. They may refer to themselves as "Pimp Daddy" when among people like themselves. DATE: describes a prostitution customer or the activity of prostitution. For example, "with a date" or "dating". The word "trick" also has dual meaning. DUAL SYSTEM: in jurisdictions with legal prostitution, one part of the industry complies with licensing, health checks, and taxes. Inevitably, a parallel system develops outside the law, because many pimps do not want to pay taxes, and do want the freedom to use underage children and high levels of violence. Legal or not, almost all operators of prostitution businesses have a fundamental criminal orientation. ESCORT SERVICE: organization operating chiefly through cell phones and pagers, which sends prostituted people to the trick's location (an outcall), or arranges to have the john come to a house or apartment which may be the workplace of a single woman or actually a small brothel (an incall). Some are networked with others and can assemble large numbers of women for parties and conventions. Others serve those with special tastes such as children or sadomasochism. EUROPEAN: sometimes used to refer to acts involving urine, feces, and other things. EXIT FEE: money a pimp will demand from a victim who is thinking about trying to leave. It will be an exorbitant sum, to discourage her from leaving. Most pimps never let their victims leave freely. FAMILY OR FOLK: group of people under the control of one pimp, who plays the role of "father". This idea can be psychologically complicating for a victim who never had a family before. FINES, TAXES: failed ideas for controlling prostitution. When people are convicted of prostitution and fined, they must do even more prostitution to pay the fines. When governments tax legal sex businesses in which prostitution is none the less allowed, the taxes are paid in large part from the income from prostitution. The courts and government become just another layer of pimps who have to be paid. FINESSE PIMP: one who prides himself on controlling others primarily through psychological manipulation. Still, the threat of violence is always there. FISTING: forcing a closed fist up someone's vagina or anus. For a few people, an erotic act. More commonly used by pimps and johns to extensively damage a woman's pelvic organs, permanently injuring her. Can be imperfectly repaired if the victim is able to seek treatment. FOLLOW YOUR MONEY: phrase pimps use to warn prostituted people to take care of the money they are given. Losing money by some means, such as being robbed by a trick, will result in being turned back out to work 24 hours a day until the money is replaced, and the daily quota is also met. FRONTS: money a pimp will give his victims to use for cab fare, drinks and condoms. Also called "walking around money". THE GAME: the sex industry generally. Pimps are called "players". GOLDEN SHOWER: a "sex" act in which one person urinates on another. Also "water sports", a term more commonly used in gay prostitution. GORILLA PIMP: one who controls his victims almost entirely through violence. Also, there are gorilla 'hoes who assist a pimp in controlling his "stable" chiefly through violence. HALF AND HALF: an act of prostitution in which there is both oral and vaginal sex. Priced somewhat lower than each act would be individually. HAND JOB: prostituted person brings john to orgasm by manual masturbation. In massage parlors, called a "hand finish". HARD CORE: two meanings when used in pornography. May mean showing an erect penis in action. May also refer to pornography when an actor, usually female, gets hurt, such as by violent anal sex. 'HO: person being prostituted. Short for whore. HO VINE: "grape vine"-like networks of communication among people being prostituted. HO LINE: loose network of communication between pimps, chiefly by phone, inter-city and interstate. Often uses changing slang and code words to confound law enforcement along the "circuit". Used to trade, buy, and sell prostituted women and children. HUSTLER: someone who will do anything for money: sell drugs, steal, scam and pimp. Also more specific to a person prostituted in the gay trade. IZZ OR IZZN: added to words to give a different sound, like "pig latin". To make surveillance and presenting evidence in court more difficult. Along with changing specialized slang, may require prosecutors to provide expert witness to translate for the court. JACK SHACK: lingerie modeling, massage parlors and other operations where tricks masturbate while watching women in revealing clothes, underwear or lack thereof. Almost always have facilities for on-site prostitution. JOHN: person buying another for sexual gratification. Primary cause of prostitution. Comes from alias often used by customer if asked their name. May also derive from euphemism for toilet. KIDDIE STROLL: area of the stroll featuring kids under sixteen, often much younger. Especially prominent in countries where prostitution is legal, but has minimum age limits of 18 years or so. Largest kiddie stroll in North America is in Vancouver, B.C., Canada, where public solicitation is illegal but not prostitution itself. LAP DANCING: strip club act in which a woman will grind her body into the lap of a trick. While the trick is clothed, the woman may be naked or nearly so. LAY SOME DRAG: the way the victim is taught to talk to people not involved in prostitution. LICK HITTER: severely addicted person who prostitutes just enough to get a dose of drugs or alcohol. When that wears off, she is back on the "track" until she can get another dose. May go on for days or weeks at a time, with serious health consequences. THE LIFE: in earlier times, "the sporting life" The experience of being used in prostitution. Virtually always involves heavy drug and alcohol use, violence and other crime. LOT LIZARD: person who picks up tricks at truck stops. May service an individual trucker while traveling with him from place to place. MADAME: older woman who manages brothel. May have been prostituted in her earlier years, but may be a pimp/career criminal in her own right. Often supports the women's outside pimp/boyfriend/fiance/husband by calling him when victim gets off work, and telling him exactly at what time she left and exactly how much money she had when she left. OUT OF POCKET: person not under control of a pimp. Will be vulnerable to threats, harassment and violence in order to make them "choose" a pimp. Also may mean in violation of pimp's rules. OUTLAW: prostituted person generally successful in avoiding control by pimps. PEEL A TRICK: when a prostituted person steals money, checkbooks, and credit cards from a customer. May be used by members of prostitution group or sold to others who "hang paper" or do identity theft. PEEP SHOWS, LIVE SEX SHOWS: usually found in pornography stores. The trick sits behind a glass partition, and directs sexual activity by women and/or men, with or without sex toys and other props, to fulfill his fantasies. PIMP: person who persuades or forces his victims to engage in prostitution. The pimp collects the money paid by the johns, essentially for his services in using whatever manipulation or force is needed to keep the women and kids serving the johns desires. PIMP HARD: to raise quotas, reduce rest times, and/or require victims to accept tricks they would ordinarily avoid. PIMP PARTY: when several pimps come together to rape, beat, drug, and torture someone who is resisting being prostituted, or who was "out of line" by trying to escape, talking to the police, or whatever. Can go on for days. PIMP STICK: a steel whip made out of coat hanger wire. May be heated on a stove to burn as well as cut tissue. Other items, such as appliance cord, towel bars and shower curtain rods, cigarettes and curling irons also may be used to inflict overwhelming pain. PORNOGRAPHY: sexual activity depicted in words, pictures or films solely for sexual stimulation of others, and for monetary gain. The sex industry tries to keep it protected by claiming it to be "art", under freedom of speech. Generally repetitive, following only a few standard formulas. Some "actors" are voluntary, but many are prostituted, having been "ordered" from a local pimp for particular roles. Is addictive to many people. Obsession with it may terminate any normal sex life the addicts had, and cause them to spend far more money and time on their addiction than they can afford. Has a major role in "fueling" some users to the point they cross over from fantasy to actual violent crime. PRIVATE DANCE: couch, bed or other "dances" which often take place in private rooms at an extra charge. This offers men the opportunity to pressure women into more direct acts of prostitution to earn tips. QUOTA: amount of money prostituted person must turn over to the pimp before they can stop prostituting and go home. Commonly $500/day. RABBIT: a prostituted person who goes from one pimp to another too frequently. RECKLESS EYEBALLING: when a prostituted person looks at another pimp, which is strictly forbidden. RENEGADE: prostituted person not under control of a pimp. ROLL A TRICK: robbing a trick with force by prostituted person, the pimp, or his associates. Usually involves weak or intoxicated tricks. SCAT: sexual activity centered on feces. SEASONING: combination of psychological manipulation, intimidation, gang rape and sodomy, beatings, deprivation of food and sleep, cutting off from family, friends and other sources of support and threatening or holding hostage of victim's children. Purpose is to totally break down victim's resistance and ensure that she will do anything she is told. SHOWER DANCING: strip club performance in which women are placed naked in a transparent shower. Paying customers may be allowed to apply soap or lotions to their bodies. SISTER WIFE, SISTER-IN-LAW, WIFE-IN-LAW, STABLE SISTER: what women in a pimp's stable call each other. SPONGES: pimps keep their victims working all day, every day, year round ("24/7" is originally a prostitution term). There is no time off for menstruation. Instead of being allowed to use tampons, the women are required to cut up pieces of kitchen sponges and insert them in their vaginas to absorb menstrual blood without the john's noticing, as they would with a tampon. Pimps who want to humiliate the women may make them trade sponges. If he wants to inflict pain, he may make them use sponge/scotchbrite pads with the scotchbrite facing inward. SPORT, BJ, BLOW JOB, FRENCH: oral sex SQUARE: anyone not involved in the life of prostitution. STABLE: group of people under the control of a single pimp. The choice of a farming word is not accidental. Pimps consider their victims to be no better than animals. STRAIGHT SEX, STRAIGHT LAY: vaginal intercourse. STREETWALKER, 'WALKER: someone who primarily contacts tricks by walking the street and making nonverbal signals that they are available. May do car tricks or have a motel room nearby. STRIP CLUBS: a legal system of prostitution in which women and men take their clothes off for the sexual stimulation of customers. Often have private "VIP rooms" for on-site prostitution. STROLL: sections of street commonly used to market sex between johns in cars and women and kids on foot. If it is in a poor neighborhood, or a commercial area not open at night, and therefore there are few complaints to city officials by anyone considered to matter, the area may serve as a kind of "red light" district for decades. SWEATING A BITCH: when a pimp puts pressure on a prostituted person to accept them as their pimp. Methods include stalking, harassment, assaults and outright kidnapping. TABLE DANCING: strip club performance in which a woman will dance on a small platform they carry around with them, or dance on the actual table around which one or more men are seated. The men are clothed while the dancer may be nude or nearly so. TIP: a term used in the escort and massage areas of prostitution. This is the amount actually received by the prostituted person, while the agency gets the "service charge". TRAP: the money or the location where it is hidden while on the circuit. A pimp may empty these traps several times a day. TRACKER: a man who will go after an escaping prostituted person, kidnap them, and return them to the pimp for a fee. TRADE UP, TRADE DOWN, BUY AND SELL: pimps dispose of victims giving them problems, or who no longer match the profile sought by the clientele the pimp normally serves. They may trade straight across, with some money or in return for two or more other victims. The buy/sell price is usually low: $2500 to $3500. The women/kids can be moved long distances rapidly, such as from Portland, OR to Atlanta, GA, with a guard, overnight by air. TRICK: describes both the act of prostitution and the person buying it. Or example, "turning a trick" or "with a trick". TURN OUT: used both to describe being forced into prostitution and a person newly involved in prostitution. "She was turned out at the age of 14 years", or "Syd is a turn out". WORKING: engaged in active prostitution. WORKING GIRL: euphemism for a prostituted woman. Copyright 2004, Joe Parker sam chaotic good   Posts: 4386 Joined: Thu Dec 30, 2004 12:54 am Top Post a reply 1 post • Page 1 of 1 Return to essays, articles, rants for public view Jump to: Select a forum ------------------    resources Public Forums    essays, articles, rants for public view Carnival of Radical Feminists #22 Who is online Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guest Board index The team • Delete all board cookies • All times are UTC - 8 hours Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Group
http://happyendingz.blogspot.com/2008/01/massage-parlor-code-words-and-lingo.html|_|skip to main | skip to sidebar Happyendingz - confessions of an erotic masseuse My name is CJ, and I'm an Erotic Massage Therapist. Now if you don't know what that is - I work in a massage parlor. Ever drive by one of those places with a red neon sign that says "SPA" and wonder what goes on behind those blackened windows? Well I'm gonna tell ya my massage parlor secrets! I'll teach you what a "Happy Ending" is and all the little tricks I use to give one. So just lay back, relax, and let me do my job... And remember - I work for tips. Thursday, January 10, 2008 Massage Parlor Code Words and Lingo Someone commented to me the other day that they like the idea of my new blog, but sometimes don’t understand the terms I use. I kinda forgot that I’m supposed to be teaching you guys this stuff, so I'll go over the basic lingo we use in the business. So here goes: “The Business” (also referred to as a “Massage parlor” or “Spa”): This is my place of employment where customers come in for a relaxing massage with a little something extra at the end. The Business should not be confused with a “Brothel” which is just sex. Believe it or not, we’re actually expected to provide quality massages here. In fact, most of the girls here are/were licensed massage therapists. “Happy ending” (also referred to as a “Release,” “Climax” or “Money shot”): These are the code words we use to talk about making a guy cum. I personally prefer the term “Release” and use it when talking to customers. When describing to newbies what I do, I find it sounds more professional to say “...I end the massage with a release,” rather than “… when I’m done I’ll jerk you off.” There are different types of releases. The most common is the Hand Release, a.k.a. Handjob. 99% of my sessions end with this one. Another type of release is the Breast Release – also referred to by the more crass term “Tittyfucking.” Another is the Butt Release where the guy lubes up your ass cheeks and slides it between them. There are other variations, but you get the picture. I charge extra for anything other than a hand release, so I don’t get many chances to do one. “Options”: This is the term we use to describe the various ways we provide our massages. For my customers I usually offer these 3 Options: 1) Topless, 2) G-string, 3) Nude. I guess each is self explanatory. There is no real difference to the massage, its just that the guy pays according to the type of view he wants. “Therapeutic”: You could call this the “4th” option. This is a session where the man (or woman) wants nothing more than a legitimate therapeutic massage. NO HAPPY ENDING. In fact, for most of these customers, they are not even aware of our Options! You can imagine why this is our least favorite of the options since we make almost no money off these. Why do we do them you ask? Remember – WE ARE A MASSAGE BUSINESS. And sometimes you have to do what you have to do to keep up the appearance of being legitimate. A lot of these customers are locals who just have no clue, and the one thing you really can't afford to do in this business is make waves with the locals. “Customer” or “Clients”: I wanted to point out that we have customers like any other business. We do not call them “Johns” or “Tricks” or “Dates” like hookers do. “Session” or “In Session”: This is when you’re working with a customer. I’ll say “I’m in Session…” when I’m busy with a client. “Full Service”: Sex. This is the difference between your standard massage parlor and a brothel. A woman or business that offers straight sex above and beyond a handjob is referred to as “Full Service.” It doesn’t necessarily mean you won’t be offered Full Service in a massage parlor – but that’s between you and your masseuse. Well, this is the basic lingo to get you around most businesses. If you have any questions about specific terms you’ve heard before, please ask. Happy hunting! CJ Posted by cj at 4:30 PM Labels: breast release, butt release, full service, hand release, Massage parlor, options, spa 30 comments: Buddy said... What about those asian places? What do you know about them? 1/12/08, 1:22 AM Ronald said... Okay, I get the lingo, but how does everything "go down." For instance, I walk into your place and when we get into the massage room, and you explain the three different options, how do I know a happy ending goes with that? Am I supposed to ask? If I don't say anything, will you skip it? Thanks! 4/16/08, 5:35 PM cj said... Ronald, ALL options come with a happy ending. This is true in any massage parlor. If you take no options, then you'll get a "therapeutic" massage - in which case you get no happy ending. Now if a masseuse offers you options, you can always feel free to verify that. BUT if she offers no options and just starts with the massage - DON'T ASK! You're probably in a legitimate business, or the masseuse doesn't trust you. CJ 4/16/08, 11:34 PM Anonymous said... What is NOVA? 5/5/09, 9:57 PM John said... THANK YOU! I've been waiting so long for one of these days. how much do each of these options usually cost? When exactly should i pop the question? At the front desk... In the room as I walk in... or as I lay down? How could I get my happy ending without spooking her? 9/20/09, 12:46 AM Anonymous said... CJ, I was recently at a massage establishment and ended up getting an erection during the massage. Because the sheet was pretty thin and she was massaging my quads and groin, I'm sure it was noticeable. The therapist asked around that time, "Are you hungry?" I said, "Yes" half hoping the question was code. She then said where are you going to eat and the conversation went on to restaurants other than once more she said, I'm sorry I made you hungry. This was a legit place, but I wonder whether you think this conversation was about food or something else. What do you think? Massage Lover 2/9/10, 12:10 AM Anonymous said... CJ. I have been to a Asian massage but for some reason get really nervous and cannot get an erection until she is actually starting the release. How often does this happen to you? Is it frequent? I notice it when I am nervous and develop shrinkage. :( When she leaves I try to get it going before she returns. Any advice? Any recommendations on how to relax so when its "turn over" time I can show I am ready to begin? Thank you! 5/23/10, 10:07 PM Anonymous said... If you said ":Russian" instead of "breast release", some customers might understand better. At first I thought you meant some kinky stuff involving milk discharges from pregnant masseuses... I've posted elsewhere about it: all that looking down on "brothels" is your deal, but the misinformation is getting old. While it's true that SOME full service houses are just staffed by young and clumsy illegals in the case of AMPs (never saw any drugs, BTW, and I've looked at every inch of the girls' bodies so I think I'd have seen the signs), it is not the rule that you make it to be at all. One particular brothel I spent a fortune at ONLY had licensed therapists on staff (not just a token one for cops) and hid condoms so well that they were never found during a raid. Took more than 10 years and several visits by undercovers to get it closed down. The owners think that customers or the parlor across the street ratted them out, because everything seemed legit unless you were in the know. Their customers included cops, an attorney, actors, and a movie exec, according to one girl - you think those people get laid with junkies in flea-infested, mob-owned ratholes? A LOT of FBSM ads are placed by LMTs and nurses who rent a trick pad with a couple of girfriends and sometimes they offer full service or tantra stuff. I'm not gonna publicize them for the curious, but escort and escort/MP review sites are full of leads. So just because a girl sells it all, it doesn't mean she's not licensed and therefore lower than you. There. Since I'm an asian lover I wouldn't claim that most of my FS experiences were with LMTs, however, although some had been therapists in their country of origin. But they all gave a good to very good massage, thank you. The fact that I usually want to go straight to sex with my regulars is MY choice, and that can hurt their feelings because asians could give you pointers about customer service, from your writings here. Some Koreans will even help you dress up when done, a little freaky to us westerners. Another thing that irritates me on your blog is the mention that every act has to be discussed and that money has to be given beforehand. In the majority of cases, legit massages to FS GFE, I have spoken very little (polite pleasantries and compliments) with asians and paid last. Could be the language barrier and shyness of the girls, but that's been part of the charm for me. The whole bargaining and planning thing is so clinical and, frankly, what you'd expect from a hooker. "Well, show me the money, honey!" And paying last has always seemed to ensure that the girl would try to impress me, and to tailor the amount to my satisfaction level and to what actually happened during the session, which CAN be unpredictable - we're not robots. 9/14/10, 11:48 AM Anonymous said... Correction: there IS money paid upfront, at the desk, and it's the house fee. What goes on in the room, between provider and monger, is what's negotiable and unpredictable, hence my preference for tipping at the end. I've had one or two girls ask to see the green or how much I was going to tip, and I indulged them, but that's not my M.O. and the majority of asians seem perfectly fine with it. Do business your way (I'll be the one reader to say that I hope to NEVER set foot in your parlor), but please understand that it's not the only way, or even the rule, and that those who act differently are not necessarily inferior (and drug-addicted-illegal-skanky-slaves-who-talk-funny). 9/14/10, 12:01 PM Anonymous said... CJ, I am looking for a place in San Diego that would honor this vocabulary, do you know of any? 11/23/10, 3:14 PM Jeff said... CJ, I am looking for a place in San Diego that would honor this vocabulary, do you know of any? 11/23/10, 3:14 PM Anonymous said... Do you ever get girls who want you to give them happy endings? 1/7/11, 3:36 PM cj said... No. Our female customers have no clue we also do happy endings. cj 1/9/11, 11:24 PM Anonymous said... wow CJ you are insanely hot and funny btw. question; i see these randon ads claiming to offer 'body to body' 'tantric' 'relaxing and sensual massage' then the last sentence will be 'this is not a sexual service' is it a trick to send out mix signals? 3/23/11, 7:22 PM Derek said... You fucking bitch! This is Derek! I checked your computer when you went into the shower this morning. You have told total strangers everything about yourself, and here I am your boyfriend, the one you supposedly wish to keep for 1 year, the one who has satiated your vaginal deep dicking desires anytime and everytime you have craved my king size twix peanut butter, and I find out this way? That's right, it's big, long and sweet. Since we're dishing out everything, maybe your readers would care to find out how we met. Well people, here it is... It was a dark and stormy night. The winds were blowing due East, I was walking out of my hotel at the Abraham Lincoln on 5th on my way to Golds Gym. I was in town on business. I'm from California. Anyway, there she was at the entrance under an umbrella, nearly drenched. Hair disheveled and looking like a homeless goat. I pass her, but then I thought, maybe I can offer some help. So, I go up to her... "Excuse me, miss... I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your heart?" She looked at me, silence... and then she burst into uncontrolled laughter spraying my face. "Hahaha, you're a dork." she says. "Alrighty, then. Tell you what, whoever you're waiting for isn't coming. Let's go to that Starbucks over there." I guess I'm not going to workout today. It's okay though, because it's Tuesday, and it's only biceps, triceps, and deltoids day. I didn't want to invite her into my room even though it was just there. I didn't know if she was an axe murderer. A public place with many witnesses is good just to get her out of the pouring rain so she won't get pneumonia. "Is that right?" "What, you're waiting for some guy you met on e-harmony. They all like long walks on the beach, and there's only a river here... hardly a beach. He's not coming." She pauses for a moment, and flutters her eyes looking at me. It was as if she was melting. Anyway, either it's the rainwater or she's high. We walk over to the starbucks, we order, and then she tells me her story. Bla bla bla... she finishes her drink, and all that's left in my short java chip frappucino is the whipped cream. "So... tell you what, I'll drive you home. Do you live far from here?" "I live about 12 miles that way." She points to some vague direction to my right. "Okay, well, let me get my keys in my room. You can come up if you'd like. I was going to take a cab to the gym." "Sure." So there we went. I slide in my card key to open the door. And we go in. So I said, "Make yourself at home. I'm going to go into the restroom for a minute." "Sure, okay." I go into the rest room. I unbutton my jeans and then proceed to drain the Red October. There I am minding my own business, and then suddenly the door opens behind me and a hand reaches around and grips perfectly my nuclear powered submarine. Then I hear a whispering... "Shh... just relax." Me, taken aback couldn't help but ask, "Uhm... what are you doing?" "I'm giving you a relaxing massage." 4/6/11, 12:19 PM Derek said... "Is that right?" "Hmm... what options would you like?" "Options???" I turn around, and she was in her tight white short nurses' outfit wet as rain, and already partially undone. "Yes. Would you like to see my boobs? Or maybe something more?" At this point, I thought, I'll play along. I know Ashton Kutcher is outside with a camera crew punking me. "Well, how about we take off all your clothes because they're all wet." Then I ease her into bed. "Sure, why don't you take them off me?" So I proceed to take off her nurse's hat, and then start unbuttoning her dress. And then she grabbed my hands and put them aside, "No, no no." "But... I thought..." "Not with your fingers silly. Take my clothes off with your teeth." I try to unbutton her clothes as instructed, and she helped a little bit. My face would occasionally rub on her nipples and feeling the soft warm caress of her breasts. I play along. At this point, she's fully naked... and when I wasn't expecting it, she pushes me, and I fall on the bed. She jumps on me and straddles me. "Shh... just relax... and lay back." She reaches down my black CK boxer briefs and finds the missile has been armed. She's on top of me, laying down and kisses me behind the ears... "Mmm... what is that? What are you wearing?" "Uhm, nothing... just burberry." "Mmm....yummy... g-r-r-o-o-w-l" "Wait, should we be doing this? I don't even know your name." "My name is CJ. It stands for Cum Junkie. Meow..." So she starts stroking my cock, and I noticed she was using the ancient crouching tiger hidden dragon kung fu grip technique flawlessly. I didn't mention it and just let her keep going. At this point, I was starting to lose myself... my mind. Like a tiger, I grab wrists, and in one motion pulled her onto the bed and turned. Her hands are pinned to the bed, and our eyes meet. Without saying a thing, I slide down slowly... she spreads her legs a little, and I get in between them. I didn't enter her... but my erect cock touch her clit. "Oh, Derek..." she moans. "Please..." "Please, what?" "Please put it inside of me..." I ignored her... I didn't put it inside... I just kept on rubbing her clit. And then she starts to make those involuntary twitches... "Ah!" short, high-pitched ahhs. Wait... hey is there any potato chips in here? CJ, all those times we've shared. All those times when you cried please stop just when you've orgasmed for the sixteenth consecutive time on my hard unmedicated love making magic wand and I ignored and continued on until you broke into tears in sheer ecstasy in the bathroom, in the kitchen, in the bedroom, in the alley behind the laundry place, I thought those were real. I thought we shared those special moments. I thought you meant it because I know I did. Now I know you were just working me. CJ, I'm a man. I'm not just a piece of meat. I'm not just a sex toy for your utter, total, and complete satisfaction. I have feelings. I am a man. I have emotions too. We're done. It's over. I'm leaving back for California. I am a man, CJ and I deserve better. Hear me roar! Arf! Arf! Derek 4/6/11, 12:19 PM Roar said... Derek, you're not a man. You're an idiot. 4/8/11, 10:35 AM firealarmguy84 said... found an asian place above a truck stop but how do I know if they do happy endings or what the seceret word is 6/18/11, 6:27 PM cj said... Asian massage parlor in a truck stop? I think you answered your own question. CJ 7/1/11, 10:59 PM Anonymous said... so i called up this asian place near my house i found on rubmaps.com and i asked if they ended their service with a 'release' and the woman had no clue what i meant... 7/5/11, 9:41 AM harrisburger said... In Harrisburg... Really struggling to find a happy ending massage. Started on Craigslist and read a posting that I thought had all the right signs of what I was looking for. Turned out to be a not so great massage, with a not so happy ending. The woman was middle aged and about 300lbs too. I would have overlooked both of those things if she was exceptionally good at the ending, but she acted like I was a pervert when I asked about it. I really don't want to keep paying people in HOPES they will pan out. If someone knows where I can get what I'm looking for, I sure would appreciate the tip. For the record: I'm a 40 year old, married, handsome, clean, super nice guy. Not a creeper. Could be a regular customer if I find the right girl. 7/11/11, 1:03 PM Ran said... Hey, found ur blog today I guess u could call me another "fan"  I know your out of the "business" and you have a lot to deal with but I wanted to twist your arm for a little advise, if I may?  First I wanted To share alittle first. I hope you take this in a respectful way. I wanted to say after reading alot of your blog, starting in 07 reading, you sounded ok with the work you are doing, til now you sound like u have some  moral issue or maybe it caused you a lot of mental stress. But you are LMt you sound like you give one hell of a massage and work hard for your money. If you get some nice respectful Clients u offer them options, you sound like you handle it very professional, I see it as going above and beyond your job.   But from the outside almost looks like you have gone beyond too many times for people who haven't treated you like a professional.  Just by reading the blog I can tell you can read people and not once have seen you complained about the massage part of the work. Maybe just re-look at who those above and beyond clients should be, well not just maybe, that's just being respectful to yourself. If this is time for you to move on then do you need to stay happy, but don't let some assholes drive you away. Your way too good for this business to let some dumb person get to you.   I wanted to share alittle about me and what led me to finding this hunt to find the lmt that gets paid in tips.  I'm a workalcohcolic, after the last two years of many rough months I have pushed though all the bs the world has thrown my way. I have became very sick for nine months I have been battling extreme fatigue and dizziness, let's get to the point, with the chonic back pain I have. I got curious for massage to deal with pain. Now I'm thinking can't I get both, release to do away with undo stress and be able to relax. I have thought of it, but approaching the situation i couldn't just go and expect some cute girl to do a full service I'm not disrespectful.  Now for alittle advise I want to make sure I have all this clear so I'm not getting a massage and acting like a disrespectful ass. So.... Get scheduled  To the room talk about general life and enjoy her company then and if I'm given options (normally sometimes on return visits, after two move on) 1. Topless 2-3 so on  Pick  And 1-3 gets a finish and 4 nothing ...  Just need to make sure I'm offered a option, which I'm lost how that will come up.  I do tip well, I like to take care of good people.  Thanxs for the advise, I'm sure you will start that tanning business. You have that professional attitude. 7/19/11, 9:49 PM Anonymous said... I found this site to be very informative, but unfortunately, none of it seems to apply in Harrisburg, PA. I guess I would need to travel for it to be possible... Either that or I'm really having bad luck with your suggestions. 7/27/11, 1:43 PM Anonymous said... For those of you looking for a real fbsm you may want to see if there is a myredbook.com in your area. I find it to be an effective way to know what I am getting into before I pay for a massage without the "release". Good luck! 10/21/11, 2:16 PM Anonymous said... Men... she charges way too much...go to a asian massage parlor...not a brothel but one that does the exact same thing she does at a fraction of the cost...and that is why she is so against them...not for illegal trafficking etc but they are competition... learn how to safe time and money getting your happy Ending @ www.parlorguide.com 2/1/12, 4:19 PM Anonymous said... How do i know if the place is actually giving hand jobs or blow jobs, or if its a legit business? 3/22/12, 6:38 PM Anonymous said... @anonymous visit http://www.rubmaps.com .. it has reviews 4/5/12, 3:11 PM Adult Sex Toys said... really good post (and I love your blog too). I had no idea about the terminology. I love massages and don't really mind what you call the "finale" ;) xxx 7/15/12, 6:46 AM claverboy07 said... So it is a federal crime to blur out a face, remove tats and add writing on a photo that may be used for an escort ad? You've got to be kidding. Then there are thousands of guilty parties out there if that is the case. Escorts Tantric Massage Erotic Massage adult escort service massage tantric 7/31/12, 10:50 AM Anonymous said... Is there an age limit? Cause I went to this one asian massage place, and she asked how old I was. I wasn't sure about any age limits so I said 19. She said come back in a couple years. Then I found another place. I said I was 21 and I got in. Happy ending from there 9/25/12, 3:44 PM Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) View My Stats About Me cj I'm a 20-something massage therapist from southeast PA. I've been working in massage parlors for almost 10 years and finally decided I had to share my stories with someone. View my complete profile For Newbies...Erotic Massage 101 Just Another Day at the Office Massage Parlor Code Words and Lingo How to Find a Massage Parlor Massage Parlor Etiquette Stupid Newbie Mistakes - or What NOT To Do In A Massage Parlor Choose Your Options The Extras More Options and Extras Outcall Massage Legit Massage - Or NO Happy Endings... Basic Massage Parlor Tips for Newbies Still Afraid to Visit a Massage Parlor? Happy Endings - Or the Art of Closing the Deal A Good Hand is Hard to Find Confessions of an Erotic Legal Assistant Asian Massage Parlors and Why NOT to Go Asian Massage Parlors Boycott Asian Massage Parlors! ANOTHER Reason to Boycott Asian Massage Parlors Blog Archive ►  2014 (2) ►  January (2) ►  2013 (1) ►  January (1) ►  2012 (30) ►  October (2) ►  September (2) ►  August (4) ►  July (4) ►  June (3) ►  May (3) ►  April (3) ►  March (3) ►  February (2) ►  January (4) ►  2011 (39) ►  December (3) ►  November (2) ►  October (4) ►  September (4) ►  August (2) ►  July (3) ►  June (2) ►  May (4) ►  April (5) ►  March (4) ►  February (2) ►  January (4) ►  2010 (89) ►  December (6) ►  November (7) ►  October (7) ►  September (6) ►  August (5) ►  July (8) ►  June (8) ►  May (7) ►  April (9) ►  March (9) ►  February (7) ►  January (10) ►  2009 (104) ►  December (9) ►  November (7) ►  October (12) ►  September (9) ►  August (10) ►  July (10) ►  June (9) ►  May (9) ►  April (7) ►  March (8) ►  February (8) ►  January (6) ▼  2008 (106) ►  December (8) ►  November (7) ►  October (7) ►  September (10) ►  August (10) ►  July (9) ►  June (10) ►  May (13) ►  April (13) ►  March (9) ►  February (6) ▼  January (4) Boyfriends - or - How can you date someone when yo... Asian Massage Parlors Massage Parlor Code Words and Lingo Cheap Ass Customers ►  2007 (2) ►  December (2) MySpace http://www.myspace.com/happyendingzcj BlogCatalog There was an error in this gadget   Search This Blog Loading...
http://lens.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/08/30/a-fresh-take-on-the-oldest-profession/|_|SECTIONS HOME SEARCH SKIP TO CONTENT The New York Times   SUBSCRIBE LOG IN SETTINGS Lens: Photography, Video and Visual Journalism Facebook Twitter RSS Slide Show View Slide Show 19 Photographs Credit Marc McAndrews By Matt McCann Aug. 30, 2012 Aug. 30, 2012 Email Share Tweet Save More With sweaty palms, a heavy step and a stutter, Marc McAndrews entered a brothel in Elko, Nev., without much of a pitch or a plan. Facing the line of half-naked sex workers, he had to choose one and pose a question that made him blush. Could he take some pictures? He had never before set foot in a strip club, much less a brothel, and his first try at gaining access was unsuccessful. He told one of the young women that he was merely interested in taking photos for his work, that he wasn’t in pursuit of pleasure — this was his job, after all — and he was booted out. This was a place with rules. Just because it was a brothel, didn’t mean that anything could happen. Nevertheless, Mr. McAndrews visited the legal brothels in 11 Nevada counties over a period of five years. He was working on a project that became the book “Nevada Rose,” which documents these brothels and their workers, owners and customers. What he uncovered was a view of prostitution that didn’t adhere to culturally appointed preconceptions: of sex work as a living as humdrum as any other. Mr. McAndrews, who grew up in Reading, Pa., had been drawn to stories of a strictly American stripe. The project that became “Nevada Rose” emerged from a series of cross-country van trips, on which he sought to photograph different aspects of American life and culture — mechanics, motel workers, truck stops, bikers, lots and landscapes. Though the book, published last year by Umbrage, contains plenty of saucy photos, the themes are more prosaic than one might expect from a book about sex as industry, and they’re profoundly American. With “Nevada Rose,” Mr. McAndrews presents a story about work, commerce, capitalism and community. Mr. McAndrews was as interested in the landscape, the spaces, the mundane, the untouchables and staff members — as he was in the kinky and the taboo. Marc McAndrews Piano in Parlor, Sheri’s Ranch, Pahrump, Nev. And, in seeking a straightforward approach to a subject that skirts the taboo, Mr. McAndrews found himself confronting misconceptions. “I think it is hard for people to imagine a woman owning her own sexuality and being O.K. with something like this,” said Mr. McAndrews, 36. “We’re taught and socialized to believe certain things about sexuality and women’s sexuality and prostitution in general.” The problem, Mr. McAndrews explained, is that, broadly speaking, people tend to equate prostitution with illegal prostitution — a grim world of exploitation, crime and desperation. His experience photographing these brothels presented a contrast — the legal brothels of Nevada have relationships with community lawmakers, with health care professionals, and there are rules, values and protections in place. (For instance, Mr. McAndrews noted that there is a panic button in every room, and that in the accumulated years he spent in Nevada on the project, he said he only witnessed the alarm go off once — when he nudged it with his gear.) Though there were obstacles to his access at first, eventually word got around about his activities and intentions — he would furnish Polaroids of his work to show what he was up to — and they let him in, even assisting Mr. McAndrews with calls on his behalf to other brothels. He observed a close-knit community, a vibe that more resembled a chummy neighborhood bar than a fetid den of sin. He lived at these brothels, had breakfast with the workers and owners, and his work at times felt like a collaboration — he would invite input from his subjects, asking the women to choose their outfits, working together to help them present themselves. But, of course, these brothels mean business. They cater to markets, work to appeal to certain tastes, Mr. McAndrews said. There are “country houses,” homey, simple and intended to make customers feel comfortable, and “city houses,” with sleeker designs sporting more of a strip club aesthetic. When a brothel entertained the notion of a male prostitute in 2010, to broaden its customer base, the market spoke and said “no.” (The first legal male prostitute, brought in to cater to the female demographic, quit the Shady Lady Ranch in Beatty, Nev., after five months and only 10 customers. And, apparently, there is no outspoken demand for gay prostitutes in Nevada.) But it’s not a perfect system and concerns — ethical, political, cultural, commercial — abound. Last year, Harry Reid of Nevada, the United States Senate majority leader, called for a ban, and though legalized, with a degree of regulation (the law requires weekly cervical exams and monthly blood work, for example), these brothels — from a commerce point of view — present some contradictions. Coercive, shameful or liberating? Libertarian yet regulated? For Mr. McAndrews, the topic was a historical aspect of American culture that had not yet been surveyed straightforwardly, without hand-wringing and finger-pointing. His task, as he understood it, was simple: present what’s there. “At a certain point a lot of women wanted to be a part of it because they weren’t ashamed and they’re proud of the light being shown on what they are doing,” he said. “I wasn’t glorifying. I wasn’t demonizing. I was just showing as it was. That was my intent, anyway.” That project ended, and moving on, Mr. McAndrews has been photographing youth groups in uniforms as part of his effort to better understand how America socializes its children. He is interested in what signifies one as belonging to a particular group. His next topic? Religion. Marc McAndrews Wild Kat Ranch, Mina, Nev. Next in Lens: FEATURED POSTS Slide Show 28 A Man Killed Five Amish Girls. Now, His Brother Is Photographing Their Community. Slide Show 12 Love and Loss: Responding to the Orlando Massacre Slide Show 19 A Vibrant Life Amid the Ruins of Rio Slide Show 23 The Brotherhood of Big City BMX PICTURES OF THE WEEK Slide Show 17 The Week in Pictures: Sept. 30, 2016 Slide Show 16 The Week in Pictures: Sept. 23, 2016 Slide Show 17 The Week in Pictures: Sept. 16, 2016 Slide Show 17 The Week in Pictures: Sept. 9, 2016 View all Pictures of the Week © 2016 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
http://sensesprivateclub.com/the-girlfriend-experience/|_|1-(809)-760-0150 Signup Login Senses Private Club Adult Vacations With Beautiful Escorts Home About Why Senses? Our Retreat Gallery Rates News Contact The Girlfriend Experience – Enjoy The Perfect GFE April 27, 2015 by Adley S. Tired of not getting the Girlfriend Experience you deserve? As a male, you pretty much have the keys to the western world in your back pocket. Hell, as a male you pretty much have the keys to the entire planet, should you choose to use them. I’m sure a great many of my fellow women are lining up right now to give me a few solid whacks on the head, so I’d like to balance out that less than politically correct truth by saying that as men you also have your fair share of sexism to deal with. For example, who decided that because you are ‘guys’ you should be comfortable peeing next to each other in public? Who decided that showing emotion was unmanly? Perhaps most importantly, who decided that you guys didn’t need romance and affection to be happy? Nowhere is gender politics cloudier than when it comes to sex. Those dastardly gender roles are still sitting proudly on their thrones, ensuring that all women want a cuddle after sex (not true) and that all men just want to roll over and go to sleep (also not true).  Men are expected to be animalistic – to crave it like beasts and to look at the whole process of sex as an emotionless, self-satisfying venture. Unfortunately, large parts of the adult entertainment industry and even the sex trade are geared toward this myth. This leaves many men who actually respond emotionally as well as physically to sex distinctly unsatisfied. Where do sensitive, intelligent guys go for a good time? If you’ve ever hired an escort for an evening, this ‘cut and dry’ attitude is brought into the spotlight.  In general, the providers you hire have strict rules against anything even remotely resembling emotional response. Sex is treated as a service no more intimate than a dental exam. What if you’re one of the growing number of successful men who use escorts and need a sense of intimacy to truly enjoy sex?  What if you actually need to kiss…hell, want to kiss in order to feel aroused. What if you want a back rub, to hold hands, to sit on the couch and make out like a teenager? Is that so wrong? Welcome to the Girlfriend Experience (GFE) More and more, successful men who don’t have the time or energy in their daily lives to pursue actual relationships are looking for escorts who excel in what is known in the industry as a GFE. Unlike traditional interactions where sex and money is exchanged with equal detachment, escorts who excel at GFE will give their clients a real relationship experience for the time that they are hired for. What does this mean? Think of all the good parts of being in a relationship and then take away the commitment, the silly fights and the need to take her home to meet your parents. Women who provide this service to their clients will take the time to get to know them, have full conversations, hold hands, kiss (with tongue!), cuddle and even spend the night. For men who respond better to intimacy and affection, finding an escort who excels at the Girlfriend Experience is like stumbling across the Holy Grail. Getting the most out of your GFE One of the best things about a girlfriend experience is the fact that both provider and client enjoy the interaction much more. Professional escorts with a roster of clients who ask for this brand of experience rate their level of job satisfaction much higher than those who provide traditional, interactions. They are treated with respect, they are listened to and they are showered with the kind of attention that both men and women crave from each other. Although any professional who excels at GFE will know what to do to ‘set the tone’, there are things that you can do to enhance your experience as well.  Like any woman, she will respond to you much better if you take the time to ask her questions about herself and really listen to her responses.  Yes she is a paid professional, but she is human and wants to be heard. Along the same lines, you should consider giving her a gift or two the more time you spend with her.  This doesn’t mean picking up some flowers at a local gas station either. When you actually get to know her, choose a thoughtful gift that relates to her interests and one that will impress a woman who makes the kind of substantial income she no doubt does. Unlike most escort/ client interactions, the girlfriend experience generally includes deep French kissing, oral sex for men and women as well as intercourse and even anal depending on the provider. When it comes to kissing – let her lead the way.  Kissing is a touchy area for escorts and being the gentleman you are by allowing her to take the upper hand will be greatly appreciated. The same goes for oral. Some providers include BBBJ (bare back blow jobs i.e./unprotected oral) as part of the girl friend experience but don’t assume this is the case with your chosen companion.  Always be prepared and as previously mentioned…let her lead.  Allowing her to gain confidence and trust in you will truly bring out the ‘girlfriend’ in her and make for a much more satisfying experience for both of you. Once you’ve found the perfect girlfriend experience, it can grow into a beautiful arrangement. Why not invite her on a resort weekend? Whisk her away for a tropical holiday? Yes, you’ll be paying for her company but one of the most marvelous things about it is that when you part ways, there are no complications to drag either of you down. You owe each other nothing but respect and mutual enjoyment when you are together. It is truly the ideal situation for any busy man with no desire for commitment, but the basic human need for companionship. Just like your chosen escort is not an inhuman sex robot, you are not some kind of heartless 1950’s stereotype. In the same way that she deserves respect, you deserve to have your needs met in a way that doesn’t make you feel like you don’t warrant real human interaction. If you are the girlfriend experience kind of guy, there is an entire world of fulfillment waiting for you.  Just grab an expensive bouquet of flowers, put your listening ears on and get out there! Share this Filed Under: Blog About Adley S. I'm an avid reader and photographer with a tendency to color outside the lines. You may find me in a bookstore, a museum, or jumping out of an airplane (preferably naked) . I'm into adventure sports and almost anything to do with being outside in nature. Latest News How To Master First Time Sex Like A Pro You don't have to lose your mojo during first time sex. So, you’ve finally made … [Read More...] Find Adventure During Your Senses Vacation Experience So you want some adventure in your vacation experience? We understand that you … [Read More...] Client Information Why Choose Senses? The Ideal Guest (PLEASE READ) 5 Lies Adult Resorts Use To Boost Reservations Adult Vacation Checklist Best Hacks For Cheap Flights To The DR About Us FAQs Contact Contact Us Business Hours Monday - Friday 9am - 9pm Weekends 10am - 6pm Phone: 809-760-0150 info@sensesprivateclub.com Return to top of page Copyright © 2016 · Dynamik Website Builder on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in Home About Why Senses? Our Retreat Rates News FAQs Contact Webmasters Note : All services we provide are in compliance with the laws and regulations of the Dominican Republic. Should you decide to use our services from this website, you will be paying for your all-inclusive adult vacation and guided travel services only. Senses Private Club is a "private" club and we reserve the right to deny anyone use of our travel services. © 2005-2016 Senses Private Club CLOSE CLOSE
http://titsandsass.com/nevadas-brothels-legalization-serves-the-man/|_|About Us Site Policies Contact Us Contribute Facebook Subscribe Twitter Feed Sex Workers Are Tired of Your Literal Shit My Feeble Attempt at Writing About Drake’s Strip Club What Does Amalia Ulman’s Instagram Art Mean for Sex Workers? On Survival So Long, Gawker, Thanks For the Coverage and the Bylines Dear Tits and Sass: Boundaries Tits and Sass Nevada’s Brothels: Legalization Serves The Man by Bella Mansfield, Esq. on April 22, 2014 · 37 comments in Labor Law, Prostitution via Flickr user Craig Walkowicz One of the many questions OkCupid users can answer to determine compatibility with potential mates is “Should prostitution be legal?” The answer options are: Yes, absolutely Yes, only if it were regulated I don’t think so ABSOLUTELY NOT (emphasis theirs) In my four years of using the site, I’ve noticed that those who choose answer “2” frequently add something in the comments about regulations being necessary to protect workers from harm. Somewhat less frequently someone comments that regulations protect the health and general well-being of the public. My sample size is, of course, limited, but that thinking isn’t all that different from members of the general public who support legalization. Legalization, the thinking goes, would protect the public from the perceived health risks associated with prostitution by mandating testing, provide states with tax money (which relies on the false assumption that sex workers don’t currently pay taxes) and would control when and where sex work could be done. And, if prostitution was legal, sex workers would be safer because they would feel more comfortable utilizing the criminal legal system. What they forget is that we have an example of legal prostitution in the United States: regulated, licensed brothels in the state of Nevada. While legalization provides benefits to the state, the workers are still treated as second-class citizens. Nevada has been home to brothels since the late 1800s, and the first licensed brothel opened there in 1971. Currently, there is no statute explicitly stating that prostitution is legal, but under state law, counties in Nevada with populations under 400,000 can allow brothels. These brothels are the only places in the United States where one can engage in legal prostitution, and the people doing this work are governed by three different sets of regulations: state laws, county laws and brothel rules.1 While the state laws are easy to access and review, county laws are less so, and brothel rules are not available to the public. The small size of the counties and towns that the brothels are in means that rules frequently change depending on the mood of the sheriff. This form of legalization is a combination of modern business law and Wild West attitudes. Nevada state laws are the framework under which the counties containing brothels operate. They dictate where brothels (or “houses of ill fame” as the law describes them) can be located, the steps counties must follow in order to have legal brothels, advertising restrictions, and health regulations. They not only establish behavioral and structural regulations, but also include statutes requiring workers to be tested weekly for gonorrhea and chlamydia (through a cervical sample) and monthly for HIV and syphilis (through a blood test). A positive test result for any of these mean that the worker must quit working in a legal brothel. If a worker tests positive for HIV and continues working, they can be charged with a class B felony, and if the brothel owner knows of their test results they are liable if anyone contracts HIV from that worker. While it can vary by county, the fees for the tests are usually paid for by the worker. Condoms are mandatory for oral sex and intercourse. In order to further protect the health of clients, some counties place restrictions on how long a worker can be gone from a brothel before she has to be re-tested or require a chaperone if a worker goes out at night, lest she work independently and choose to not use a condom. There are also strict laws regarding pandering beyond the typical “pimping” statutes that might come to mind. Living off the proceeds of prostitution is pandering, so workers’ spouses and partners better have their own employment! Providing transportation so that someone can engage in prostitution is also illegal. The transportation statute essentially prohibits anyone from providing a worker with a ride to work, as it finds that anyone transporting a worker with the intent to encourage them in engaging in prostitution is guilty of pandering. This is an interesting contrast to the policies that some brothels have of giving a fee to cab drivers who bring clients to their establishments or providing free limo service to clients coming from Las Vegas. While workers either have to drive themselves to work or find a ride with someone who doesn’t know what they do, clients can arrive in business-sponsored cars. Few things show intent to encourage someone to hire a prostitute more than sending a complimentary limo to whisk them away to a brothel. State law also restricts advertising for both legal brothels and illegal prostitution. Brothels can only advertise in the counties where prostitution is legal. It’s also illegal to prepare or print an advertisement for illegal prostitution, which means that graphic designers, handbill printers and producers of small newsprint ad catalogs are now included in the category of people who are affected by the prohibition of sex work. The penalty for illegal advertising can include jail time and fees. via Flickr user DB’s travels County laws regulate the actual license application process, fees, and zoning for brothels. They also include worker-specific statutes, like those governing work cards. Any employee at a brothel, including bartenders, must have a work card. In Storey County, home of the Mustang Ranch, workers must submit all previous addresses for the last three years, aliases, a criminal background check release, and a medical release form allowing the medical facilities and/or doctors to share her test results with the county. A work card can be denied for myriad reasons, including a conviction for petty theft or shoplifting in the last year or a drug-related misdemeanor conviction within the last three years. In addition to state and county regulations, each brothel has its own set of rules. These rules aren’t available to the public, but there is an in-depth discussion of the rules at the Mustang Ranch in Alexa Albert’s book Brothel.2 Workers there must pay a rooming and food fee, and are required to stay at the brothel for a minimum of two weeks. While staying at the brothel, workers can only leave for medical exams (although there is also an option of seeing a doctor on site) or for special emergencies. Should they need something, like a toothbrush or a box of tampons, they must pay a fee to a house runner who will pick up these items for her. Workers negotiate their own fee with clients, often varying by which sex acts are going to be performed, and they have a 50/50 split with the house. They are also expected to tip the bartender, security workers and other staff. If they leave, they must return by a set curfew. Albert reported in her book that workers could not live or vacation in the town where they worked, but I did not find any Storey County statutes stating such. The result of this kind of legalization is a system that benefits the state, county governments and brothel owners tremendously. The worker benefits in that she does not risk arrest (or at least not for prostitution, as she can still be arrested for violating a state or county regulation) and there is an assumption of safety. I would be interested to see statistics of rape and coercion in legal brothels versus incidents of the same with independent escorts. My suspicion is that legal brothels are not necessarily markedly safer than doing indoor prostitution illegally. Legalization, at least under the Nevada model, means submitting to mandated testing and the county having access to those test results. It means paying fees to the county but also to the brothel. It means staying inside for long stretches of time and having restrictions placed on your movement, including during non-work weeks. It means you might be denied a work card if you’ve been convicted of not only violent offenses but also survival crimes, like shoplifting. This model is not pro-worker, but pro-government, pro-customer and pro-business owner. One hopes that most workers get tested regularly for sexually transmitted infections, but it should be the worker’s choice when and how her body is subjected to tests and the results should be between herself and her doctor.3 While Nevada does have a criminal statute making it illegal to knowingly transmit HIV to another person, there are no regulations surrounding the health of those who wish to purchase sex at brothels. The fees, both for work cards and within the brothels, place the county alongside the brothel owner in the role of madam. Workers are asked to trade autonomy over their movements and submit to medical testing for a removed risk of arrest, and the county and brothel owners get to profit in return. This is not an acceptable alternative to criminalization. On paper, these laws and rules appear to be incredibly restrictive, invasive and to the benefit of the government far more than the worker. It is also a system that may target workers with less resources. Independent workers who have access to screening tools and community can take their chances with working for themselves in cities where prostitution is illegal. Women who don’t have easy access to ways to stay safe might more frequently choose the comfort of knowing that they are engaging in a legal trade, and the state gets the cash reward for providing them with that option. A more worker-friendly alternative is decriminalization of prostitution and prostitution-related offenses. Decriminalization would remove or significantly reduce criminal penalties, but would not create regulations the way that legalization would. Reducing jail or probation time to a ticket or fine—or eliminating penalties altogether—would still allow the worker to control personal aspects of her business without risking arrest. Nevada is just one example of how legalization could work, and at best it is a hodgepodge of regulations. If this was the model for legal sex work in the United States—if even just a few of their laws became standard—sex workers would lose much of their independence of movement and communication to laws created by people who don’t know even basic information about the industry, like the fact that sex workers in the U.S. are a safer bet, health-wise, than a one-night stand from a bar. Until there is a model of legalization that focuses on keeping workers safe, decriminalization is the better option. 1. A note about language: there are many people who work in brothels who are not prostitutes. However, for the purposes of this article, when I write “worker” I mean prostitute unless otherwise indicated.↩ 2. This book was published in 2002. The rules stated here may have changed since the book’s publication.↩ 3. This is an excellent example of how laws that affect sex workers are often part of bigger systemic oppression. Requiring workers to agree to testing and sharing their results in exchange for being allowed to work is the medicalization of the female worker. Laws that require transgender people to have a certain set of surgeries in order to change the gender marker on their birth certificate and programs that offer benefits or money only to female drug users who agree to be sterilized are other examples of removing medical autonomy from marginalized groups in trade for greater access to privilege. Tagged as: brothels, decriminalization, legal prostitution, medical testing, Mustang Ranch, Nevada, Prostitution Tweet { 32 comments… read them below or add one } Dave Krueger April 22, 2014 at 3:29 pm While your argument against Nevada style legalization is sound and you are right to oppose it, the fact is that most people are sold on the idea that business needs to be regulated. Fighting for total decriminalization sounds great on paper, but it will be infinitely more difficult to accomplish than legalization. They are finding that out in Colorado now with legalized pot where they accepted the regulation as the cost of making pot legal. If you wish to be recognized as being a legitimate profession then, when you get your wish, be prepared to be treated as other legitimate businesses are treated. There will be health requirements, financial regulation, inspections, and new taxes. Of course, most of these regulations are unnecessary because, like all businesses, you already have a powerful incentive to please your customers. Your livelihood, health, and well being depend on it. Unfortunately, regulation is what politicians do, what the media fear mongers promote, and the public expects. Good luck with your cause. Criminalization of sex work is a national disgrace for a country that calls itself “the land of the free”. Reply Lorelei April 22, 2014 at 3:57 pm When I was on OkCupid I listed option 1 and left the box blank. I learned a while ago that I can’t possibly know the best solution, because I’m not involved, I’m not a sex worker. That post reinforced that. The last sentence sums up how I feel. Reply Jeremy Lemur April 22, 2014 at 7:55 pm “One hopes that most workers get tested regularly for sexually transmitted infections, but it should be the worker’s choice when and how her body is subjected to tests and the results should be between herself and her doctor.” What the author is saying is that she prefers a system without standards and accountability. The Nevada model is as strict as it needs to be in order to establish an “industry standard” for sex work that ensures the safety and health of courtesans and customers. Yes, sex workers in Nevada Brothels have to be tested, and if they have an STD or HIV, they are not permitted to work. Yes, sex workers must pay fees to get their business license and Sheriff card – they’re independent contractors working at legitimate businesses. Yes there are county laws, state laws, and, like all workplaces, there are rules. Welcome to being a recognized member of civilized society. We don’t raise our arms in protest when we have to go to the DMV and pay for our car to be registered. We don’t feel violated because the DMV requires our birth certificate to validate our identity – and we don’t think that the vision test required to drive a car should be private information between us and our eye doctor. Standards are necessary to legitimize a service or privilege. Nevada Brothels have been operating legally for nearly half a century now. The Nevada model is an excellent example of how prostitution can work in a legalized setting and benefit customers, business owners, and sex workers by providing a safe, healthy, and lucrative environment through the enforcement of time-tested quality and operational standards. Like all things created by humans, it’s not perfect, but it’s a gigantic step in the right direction for legitimizing the sex work industry. Reply Evie April 23, 2014 at 3:48 pm If you had actually read the article, you’d understand why the Nevada model does NOT benefit actual sex workers, just their customers and anyone who makes a profit off of their labor. So, not much different than the criminalization model everywhere else in the US. And I’ll get a weekly cervical swab if my customer gets a weekly urethral swab. It’s not real accountability if only one side is held accountable. Reply Amanda April 23, 2014 at 5:10 pm Everyone who supports the testing model of the NV brothels not only fails to realize that weekly testing isn’t a best practice, but that diseases are brought into brothels via the clients. If anyone should be tested, it should be the clients. (As the author of the article pointed out.) Not to mention, not all diseases that could be tested for are. So what’s the point? Some diseases are okay, others aren’t??? Why test at all? “Like all things created by humans, it’s not perfect, but it’s a gigantic step in the right direction for legitimizing the sex work industry.” No, it’s not a step in the right direction. The brothels have been around for 50 years, as you say, and yet the strides made in legitimizing sex work have come from non-brothel sex worker activists. The brothels aren’t fond of sex worker rights and do not want to help legitimize the industry because it means they lose control and lose money. Far more perfect is the New Zealand model, where independent sex workers are treated as independent women quietly leading their own lives, which is pretty much the same as any single woman on the dating scene. Brothels are treated as businesses and it’s the establishments themselves (and management) which are regulated as a business, not the women’s bodies. Reply Jeremy Lemur April 23, 2014 at 8:02 pm Hi Amanda, Regarding your comment: “Far more perfect is the New Zealand model, where independent sex workers are treated as independent women quietly leading their own lives, which is pretty much the same as any single woman on the dating scene. Brothels are treated as businesses…” See, this is the thing that gets me. You ARE NOT single women on the dating scene. You ARE service providers performing a spectacular service to a paying client. YOU, Amanda, ARE a business when functioning as a prostitute. Yes, brothels are treated as businesses, because that’s what they are: businesses where the business of sex work performed by independent women legally takes place. Reply Robin D April 23, 2014 at 11:16 pm Brothels are businesses. Amanda or whoever would be a freelancer or in New Zealand, if incall, a “Small Owner Operated Brothel,” which, yeah, would mean she is not subject to all of the same laws, though still subject to some. Dating scene was probably the wrong phrase but different laws do apply to businesses with employees (I know they are classified as independent contractors in Nevada but this is illegal under federal labor law and the brothels would lose a lawsuit like the strip clubs do). Nobody in New Zealand is forced to be tested. They also do not have to register with the police though brothel operators must be registered at an administrative law level. Brothels are subject to zoning and advertising bylaws. This works really well! Really, really well. Way less invasive and way more effective than the system in Nevada. There are health regulations – for sex workers and clients to use and promote safe sex, which is as it should be, not mandated testing. The financial regulations and taxes are the same as before. Which, it’s also true in the US that sex workers are subject to those regulations already, as they are enforced separately from the prostitution laws. Reply Amanda April 25, 2014 at 9:03 am Thank you for clarifying the finer points Robin! Robin D April 25, 2014 at 1:45 pm You’re welcome Amanda! I think the biggest point is no forced testing…and no evidence of transmissions, either. Also of note that street work is not outlawed but is also subject to zoning I think – sometimes this pushes sex workers into less safe (e.g. more industrial) areas, but I think I remember that maybe this worked better than that in NZ? Scarlet Heart April 23, 2014 at 11:32 pm This guy: “I’m not in the sex industry, but I’m going to tell you all what’s best for you because being a man my opinion is superior to all your lived experiences put together!” Reply Jeremy Lemur April 24, 2014 at 12:49 pm I work on staff, full time, at a legal Nevada brothel, obviously not as a prostitute. My opinion (man or not) has a some validity as a person who devotes every day of his life to the sex work industry. Scarlet, your comment about me being a man is indicative of the worst aspects of this usually excellent site. Amanda April 24, 2014 at 8:58 am Jeremy — Don’t tell me what I am, let me determine that for myself. Having sex with a client is no different (from a disease-transmission perspective) than having sex with a civilian. Money doesn’t prevent or cause disease. Testing doesn’t prevent a disease, neither does working for an establishment vs working on my own. Safer sex practices can prevent disease and I don’t need to work for a pimp to be able to put on a condom. Reply marissa April 25, 2014 at 1:45 am Preach! Why can’t most laypeople see the simplicity and common sense of it all? Random anonymous bar hookups, even Tinder, Grinderr etc are MORE sketchy than meeting a John who gives his credit card/traceable phone number, or goes through the various screening hurdles of internet escorting. John Punter April 22, 2014 at 10:27 pm Obviously brothels are a stupid idea. Forcing a sex worker to have a pimp is beyond dumb. Best case, a pimp provides security, something that sex workers should get from police and/or professional body guards. Sex workers can hire promoters if they need and want them. I don’t think, typically, there is anything illegal about, say, doing taxes or reading palms from a place that’s zoned as a residence. If someone did sex work from a residence, the usually zoning ordinances about signs, customer parking, etc. should handle that just fine. I suppose you could make a case for a law against paid, unprotected sex. But trying to protect people from their own stupidity always seems to end up being a wasted effort, however good the intentions. Reply Scarlet Heart April 23, 2014 at 12:41 am I have heard nothing but negative things about the Nevada brothels. As someone who does both brothel and independent escort work I feel lucky to be in Australia, where the only rules for working in a parlour (for the most part)are going for an interview, telling the manager what shifts you want and turning up, working, then going home. It differs slightly from state to state – like in Victoria where it is more regulated – but generally it is quite relaxed in comparison to the utter bullshit you have to go through to work in Nevada. It would not surprise me if a lot of the girls who work at those brothels take their clients for private bookings, risk of arrest be damned. Unfortunately many non-sws I know think the key is legalisation, it seems to be the prevailing attitude of the community. :/ Reply Amanda April 23, 2014 at 10:05 am I’ve been using the NV brothel model as a reason why legalization doesn’t work because it doesn’t truly benefit the worker. Sure, there are girls who can make tons of money in it, but most don’t. I had a very negative experience in a legal brothel. All the reasons you list, and then some, are why legalization doesn’t work. Plus, I had the joys of having my prostitution registration come up anytime a NV cop ran my license. You can imagine how much fun it is to sit on the side of the road, wondering if you’re lucky enough to get a cool cop who has seen it all before — or not. Yes, rape and coercion happens in the brothels. I heard some stories, I experienced a small bit of coercion from the house. Every room has a panic button. Brothels are not the safe-zone everyone makes them out to be — though it really depends on the brothel. On the other hand, the violence isn’t nearly as high as it is for independent workers — if you take a look at the overall numbers and not at specific individuals or brothels. Yet another problem with the brothel system you never touched on is the independent contractor status accorded to the women working there who are actually treated exactly like employees. This allows the brothels to continue to rip the women off, without providing compensation such as insurance, worker’s comp or other legal niceties. Being “legal” doesn’t confer any truly beneficial “legal” status in the workplace, something which is very, very lopsided. Brothels certainly don’t seem to conform to any sort of OSHA standards — which leads back around to the fact that rape and screwing around with a girl’s money can happen in some brothels but not others. The brothel system as it currently stands is very broken and only benefits the owners and the state. Why would anyone want to work for pimps like that? Dave — you’re one of those men who think you’re oh-so-well-meaning and so much smarter than us by telling us what we should and shouldn’t be doing for ourselves. We’ve heard your argument before, countless times. I don’t know what you’ve been doing to advance sex worker rights, but we’ll pursue decrim if that’s how we want the laws we live under structured, thank you very much. Reply Evie April 23, 2014 at 4:06 pm Re: independent contractors being treated like employees. Absolutely, and it’s the same situation in American strip clubs. Some are better than others, but I’ve never worked in a club that treated me like anything but an employee. My current place gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of schedule but we still have to pay that house fee, and late fees, tip outs for CRs, etc, are decided on the whims of whoever is managing that night, and how they feel about you. Strippers are also at risk for arrest, in my state an undercover cop can buy a lap dance, say you “offered or implied” sex for money, and his word is enough to get you charged with solicitation. Working inside legally may lower your risk of certain types of violence and abuse but you are still incredibly vulnerable and easy to exploit. Reply Amanda April 24, 2014 at 9:02 am I’d love if brothel workers sued the brothels or tried to unionize, but the pimps running the brothels have done a very good job of squelching any initiative for better working conditions or recognition of their legal status as employees. Reply Robin D April 23, 2014 at 7:59 pm Right?!!??? Actually neither is politically feasible in Colorado right now, so any change is going to have to be change that we MAKE politically feasible. In 2011, 32% thought it should be legal and 56% illegal, about the opposite of the numbers around marijuana. This holds true across party lines. They legally require an escort license too, already, but also can arrest you for prostitution. Some of us realize that you have to play the long game and chip away at criminalization from the bottom up. Also, that regulations should apply to businesses, not workers, and shouldn’t be more onerous than regular zoning laws and so on. Though I think the Nevada brothels have the right idea with the mandatory condom use (but not the testing). Curfews, shutting workers in, none of that is stuff that would be legal for any other business. Classifying employees as independent contractors like they do already isn’t, under labor law. But like the strip clubs they probably prefer the risk of a lawsuit in the current climate because it’s cheaper for them in aggregate. Should we have extra taxes? Would that help politically? Sure, maybe. But a ballot measure like Amendment 64 sure as shit isn’t going to be sufficient in any kind of near term. Reply Robin D April 23, 2014 at 8:02 pm Also, yeah – demands without contributing anything, that’s suuure familiar. Go start your own organizations or campaign. Hell get a measure on the ballot! It won’t pass, but it would get publicity and a chance to make the case for rights. Reply Kora April 24, 2014 at 3:23 am I work at a brothel, and this article is filled with inaccuracies. It also should not pretend to speak for all sex workers. It certainly doesn’t speak for me. The brothel doesn’t serve “the man,” it serves my wallet and my safety and security. I am for full decrim, full stop. HOWEVER, I really wish that independent escorts would stop shitting on brothel workers. You are no better or worse than us, and believe it or not, some sex workers (such as myself who have been on both sides of the fence, indie versus brothel work) PREFER brothel work. Indie work isn’t for everyone. Brothel work isn’t for everyone. How about advocating for the rights and choices of ALL sex workers, rather than just the ones in your inner circle? I really wish other sex workers would stop speaking for each other. Does the author even work at a brothel? Doubtful. Did she even interview any actual brothel workers? This is just more of the same crap that this site churns out. Why am I even surprised? Reply Caty Simon April 24, 2014 at 11:23 am Hey, it wasn’t Tits and Sass’ intention to shit on brothel workers, just brothel owners. If you feel we fucked it up, please, please submit a piece to us about your own experience! We’ve been looking for an insider to write about their work, but the people who were going to do it withdrew their submissions for fear of backlash they felt would follow them talking about their negative experience. My e-mail is simon.caty@gmail.com, and I’d really love it if you wrote a counterpoint piece, or anything you like. Reply Kora April 24, 2014 at 3:41 am “The brothel system as it currently stands is very broken and only benefits the owners and the state. Why would anyone want to work for pimps like that?” Wow- demeaning much? Once again, this site seems to be dedicated to shitting on sex workers who don’t do it the way the Marxist Feminist Tits and Sass crowd wants it done. Newsflash- your voices are no more or less important than other sex workers, including those who work in brothels. Reply Robin D April 24, 2014 at 3:18 pm You should take Caty up on her offer to write a counterpoint about your own experience (though obviously some of this varies brothel-to-brothel). I know one woman with a positive brothel experience and a whole bunch of horror stories from others… Anyway I don’t think most people are opposed to brothel work in general, but would prefer a brothel system more like those in New Zealand and New South Wales. Reply Amanda April 25, 2014 at 9:17 am I did work for a brothel for a very brief period of time and it was an eye-opening experience, to say the least. I’ve known a number of sex workers who do and do not like working in the brothels. Some of them have worked independently and some never have. The system as it currently stands is very broken and needs serious reform with the input of the workers. I’ve never advocated for ending the brothels because I recognize it’s a valid choice for many workers, especially in a criminalized country. That doesn’t mean the system couldn’t be improved. After all, it’s a legal system and therefore should be easier to improve than efforts to decriminalize, right? Giving half my money off the top to someone else is working for a pimp, IMO. Paying room and board is no different than touring independently but there is no sensible reason for the brothel to take half my earnings other than it was a system created by men living off the earnings of sex workers. Not to mention I get zero legal employee benefits for this money when, by all rights, I should be counted as an employee. The system rips off the women working in it and no, I don’t think it’s right — my sympathy is for the women. I guess that makes me a Marxist? Reply John Punter April 26, 2014 at 1:12 am There is nothing inherently bad about a sex worker having a pimp. It’s just that most pimps focus on taking advantage of the fact that sex workers are outcasts, rather than really earning their keep with security and promotion services. In that sense, NV brothels have a resemblance to pimps. The brothels extract more money than they need to, a create onerous working conditions, because they know sex workers have so few options. The point is not that there is anything wrong with feeling that NV brothels are the least bad among the current bad options for sex workers. The point of the article is that consenting adults should just be able to have at it. Brothels don’t meet the standard for the proper approach to government regulation in a free society. The standard being that people should be able to use there own judgement, unless there is factual evidence that government-imposed limitations are needed. Reply Caty Simon April 26, 2014 at 6:16 am There’s nothing wrong with a sex worker having an EMPLOYER or an EMPLOYEE, both roles which the different sorts of people called “pimps” have filled. Sex workers should be able to be employed or employ, just like any other worker and/or small business owner. But as you say, one of the reasons people filling those roles for sex workers have been called “pimps” is that the labor contracts many sex workers have with both licit and illicit employers have been grossly unfair. Reply Amanda April 26, 2014 at 9:55 am Caty and John — Both excellent points. I have no problem with support staff hired by the choice of the sex worker. Witness the many screening and marketing assistants now online. There are agencies that I wouldn’t have minded working for because they’ve gotten such good feedback from the women working for them, but they are rare.There’s only one US brothel I have heard good things about from a sex worker I trust. The “pimp” remark I make about brothels is because management seems determined to make money at any cost, regardless of the well-being of their employee; and they work as hard as possible to scrape as much off their employees as they can. The attitude isn’t treating the women like true employees or even like human beings, hence “pimp.” I understand that creating an underground economy by criminalizing prostitution leaves the door wide open for exploitation. Seeing the same exploitation, state-sanctioned and legalized, is reprehensible on many levels. Change is needed. If it’s supposed to be the “best” option, then make it the best option. John Punter April 29, 2014 at 12:57 am I wouldn’t disagree with you. What I posted previously was offensive to Kora, as someone who chose to work at an NV brothel because it was the best option available. There may be sex workers who give money to someone they feel they are getting some kind of support from, but it’s more complicated than any “standard” business relationship. I would want to listen to why they choose to do that before forming any definite opinion. It’s a problem how society can’t accept sex work as just another way of making a buck, a reasonable choice for some people. But we don’t want any new shaming creeping in place of the old. The plan of many sex workers is to work 100 days or less a year, pay their bills, and have a few splurges. Not crazy or dumb, just maybe encourage them to think a bit about the eventual “exit strategy”. It’s more worrisome when it seems like someone is using someone else. Could it be there are non-violent pimps out there, who are filling a need with similarities to the need sex workers sometimes fill for lonely johns? Of course, they would not be pimps if “pimp” has no non-pejorative sense. I think there are a lot of problems with sex workers being employees. For example, someone I’ve been seeing a lot of lately hates being touched on the sides of her head. It’s just in the nature of it that you have to be the one making the rules. Olivia Howard April 26, 2014 at 3:00 pm There are many things inherently bad and wrong about pimps. I’m defining pimps as someone that is exploitative lives off of the backs of women not legitimate agency owners that take 20% or less and handle all the screening, advertising through the agency owner’s client list and the internet. The distinction is important. Women that work for an agency are free to leave any time and are not treated as chattel and otherwise controlled by a pimp. These women working at these so-called brothels are being exploited, restricted, controlled and stolen from by the brothel owners, and, more importantly, it’s sanctioned by the local governments. It’s disgusting and appalling. Indy women do not need “security” or “promotion”. All an independent escort needs is access to the internet and a phone and they can perform these supposed pimp “services”. Most screening is done to ensure the client isn’t law enforcement not to determine if they are dangerous. Good screening techniques can be found in online books (Amanda Brook’s “The Internet Escort’s Handbook 1: The Foundation” is an excellent example) and in blogs like mine (www.hookerincorporated). Women can promote themselves by advertising on local review boards, Eros.com, Preferred411.com, My Red Book.com and The Erotic Review.com. There is literally NO reason any woman to pay anyone for alleged protection or to act as a promoter unless they choose to pay an agency owner a reasonable fee for a legitimate service. The WHOLE point is that there is something socially and morally wrong with the Nevada brothels laws and regulations. It’s thinking like this that allows women to be basically held captive and submit to medical examinations that may or may not be given with good will. There is literally NO reason at all for government sanctioned business like these to exist. Prostitution should be decriminalized and that’s the end of it. It’s no one’s business what a woman does with her body. The important issue is that people aren’t exploited and are allowed to earn a living as they see fit, and that’s not happening in these brothels or anywhere in the US. Reply Clare April 29, 2014 at 5:35 am So when it comes to sex works, Tits and Sass is espousing the libertarian view of “no regulation” at all? Good to know. Reply Caty Simon April 29, 2014 at 5:28 pm Decriminalization, actually. The New Zealand system. Look it up. Not “no regulation at all,” and certainly not nec. libertarian in spirit, but similar regulations as other businesses, not draconian government overregulation specifically for the sex industry. Reply Cancel reply Leave a Comment Name * E-mail * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. { 5 trackbacks } Guest Columnist: Christina Parreira | The Honest Courtesan What's it really like working in a legal Nevada brothel? - TRPWL : TRPWL What’s it really like working in a legal Nevada brothel? | Adult WIkiMedia What’s it really like working in a legal Nevada brothel? | The Rob Black Website The Ten Most Popular Tits And Sass Posts of 2014 Previous post: Sex Worker/Social Worker: An Ethics Roundtable Next post: Stacks & Cats $upport us Do you like what we do? Help sustain the site! Send gifts through Venmo Co-Editors Caty Simon Josephine Editors Emeritae Charlotte Shane Natalie Kat Bettie Johanna Bubbles Burbujas Tits and Sass Contributors Month In Links Editor Red Search Search for: Archives Archives Select Month October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 Categories Activism Art Ask Ms. Harm Reduction Big Mother Is Watching You Blast From the Past Blond Leading the Blind Books Cam Girls Clients Cops Dear Tits and Sass Fetish Furballs & Funds Great Sex Work Moments in Pop Culture History Health Interviews Labor Law Media Money Month In Links Movies My Sex Work Bucket List Naked Music Monday News Phone Sex Photo Friday Politics Porn Pro-Domme Prostitution Quote of the Week Race Reviews Sex Work Sells Sex Worker History Silly Media Coverage Site News Strippers Support Hos Television The Week in Links This Time, It's Personal Tina Fey Hates Sex Workers Tools of the Trade Trafficking Uncategorized Videos Weekly Unwrap What is Sex Work? YER ART SUX You're Not Funny Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes. WordPress Admin
http://www.beginnerescortguide.com/how-to-find-an-escort/|_|Overview Find An Escort The Cost How To Call An Escort Prep For Your Escort How To Date Your Escort Never Get Busted By Cops About JJ JJ0 Comments How To Find An Escort Many people think that finding an escort and having sex with her is as easy as calling her, giving her the money, and then getting laid. But newbies who decide to find and date an escort realize there are some unanticipated pitfalls and landmines with escorts. Some of the things they start to realize: Your challenge with escorts is to avoid the pitfalls. I have the best answers and solutions. What if she is a cop? Can I get arrested? What if she robs me or her pimp beats me up? Why is she asking me for my employment information? Why do I get hung up on? When do I give her the money? When these thoughts start to enter your mind, you realize that the world of escorts is more complicated than you originally thought. Well, I’m here to demystify this world and help you find an escort who will satisfy your sexual fantasies and needs. There are five simple steps to dating an escort: Finding a good escort Preparing to call her Calling her Preparing for your date Dating her ***Btw, if you have a specific question or issue, email me at “jj@beginnerescortguide.com and I’ll try to answer it as soon as I can***   Step 1 – Find an escort who you are attracted to AND who is a good provider Finding the “RIGHT” escort for you at the outset is the most important step of the process This step is the most important in the process. Selecting a good escort will make the remaining steps a lot easier. Obviously, selecting a bad escort will make the following steps hell, and perhaps unrecoverable. Click here for an in-depth, detailed explanation on how to find an escort. But here are the basics. You must first look at where escorts advertise. The largest sites are: Backpage.com CityVibe.com Eros.com There could be smaller regional sites in your area (and they are good resources if they exist), but the larger sites are a good place to start. When looking at the postings, you’ll quickly find escorts who you are attracted to. But you also want to look out for possible scam escorts. Here are some warning signs to look for: If her picture is “too good to be true”, she probably is, but not always. Good research will reveal the truth. Studio pictures – this sometimes (not always) indicates that it could be a bait and switch, where the picture is not really her Multiple listings – if her listing exist in multiple cities, this could indicate a scam If you are still concerned about your selection, here is an advanced strategy for verifying if she is a good escort or not .   Step 2: Get prepared for your call I cannot stress this enough: the purpose of the call is to set your appointment, nothing else. A common newbie mistake is asking her questions about different sex acts during your phone call. This is a huge no-no. And if she is an undercover cop, you’re heading down an easy road of getting arrested. For the quick, professional advise on how to NEVER get arrested, click here.   Before calling the escort, you’ll want to get three things ready: Research Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment References   Research Proper research is essential not just to protect yourself and to get the woman you want, but also to secure a date with her too. Not being prepared will jeopardize your changes with her (and most escorts). Research as much as you can about your chosen woman. Most good escorts will have a website with general information and answers to commonly asked questions. With her ad, along with her website, you should find most of your questioned answered. If you want to take an advanced approach, check with review sites for reviews of her from your fellow hobbyists. There many review sites out there, but one specific site is better than the rest. Click here for a video on exactly how I used this review sites to find an escort.   Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment You should know the when and where of your preferred appointment, and a few alternate times if your first choice is not available. The more open your schedule is, the more likely it is that you’ll get an appointment. Also, time is one of the elements determines the cost of the appointment. The average date is 1 hour, although spending an evening with each other is typically very enjoyable with higher end escorts. The other two elements that determines cost is how beautiful she is and the “level of service” she provides. If you want more detailed knowledge, download my “Expected Cost Guide”. I also give a video explanation of the various cost of escort donation fees. Download it here.     References Being prepared to get verified is one of the key things to getting an appointment. But if you are a newbie with no references, this can be a challenge. But there are ways to overcome it. This is one that tends to throw off newbies. When an escort asks for references, they are looking for one (or two) of these three things: 1) two escorts that you’ve seen in past, 2) employment information, or 3) verification credentials. Obviously if you are a newbie, you will not have two escort references. That means you’re down to either employment information, or verification credentials. The reason why escorts will screen you is because they want to make sure you are not a serial killer or psycho. Verification is one method women will use to protect themselves. Click here for detailed advice on escort verification sites.   Step 3: Making the call Being calm, cool, confident, and collected is my #1 tip and strategy when calling an escort. When calling her, treat her like one of your buddies, but keep your call short. If you’d like to see a video on how a gentleman called an escort, click here. Calling an escort is where the rubber hits the road. Again, I cannot stress enough, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment, nothing else. If you’ve prepared yourself enough, this should be quite simple. Call her, get the appointment, and get off the phone. My best recommendation for this is to treat her as if she was one of your friends or buddies. Use a calm, casual, confident voice. Then get the appointment and get off the phone. Try to make the phone call reasonably short. Do not try to engage her into a conversation, and do not ask her questions that you should already know the answer to. Check out this video on how a gentleman called an escort. He did some things right, but also made some mistakes. Click here to watch the video. Two-Call System The two-call system applies to incall situations (you are going to her). Most escorts will not give you their exact location in your first phone call. Rather, they will give you an approximate location, like major cross streets. When you get close to their location, you call them again stating that you are arriving, and this is typically where they give you their exact location. Sometimes, it may be even a three-call system. In your second call, she may give you the hotel she is staying at, but she may not give you her room number until you actually arrive. Accept the information she gives you in the initial phone calls. Do not force her to give an exact location. Doing so could cause her to cancel the appointment. Remember, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment. In this video, I will show you how this gentleman called an escort. I will also share with you some mistakes he made so you can avoid them when calling an escort. Click here to watch the video.   Step 4: Prepare for your date Preparation is slightly different depending on whether your date with the escort is an incall or an outcall. Incall is less work than outcall because in outcall, you are the host. I will cover incall first.   Incall Preparation Fresh breath and a clean body is an absolute must! Brush your teeth, use mouthwash, and take a shower. Having good hygiene will get you maximum mileage with her! The most important thing you should do when preparing yourself for your date is to have great hygiene. Take a shower before you go to your date. Brush your teeth and use mouthwash. Smelling good and having fresh breath is not only considerate, but will also get you the most mileage from your escort, now and in the future. Next, make sure you have good directions and you know where you are going. Leave yourself plenty of time to get to your appointment. You will want to arrive 10-15 minutes early. Outcall Preparation Hygiene is still the most important. I covered it in the incall preparation, and it’s exactly the same here. However, also you are the host, so you’ll want to have a few things for your escort guest. First, tidy up the room, making sure it is clean and not cluttered. This should be no problem if you just checked in or if room service recently cleaned. Leave a fresh towel and toiletries for your escort guest, making sure these toiletries are unused and unopen. Lastly, offer some refreshments. You can go as fancy as you want, but simply having bottled water on ice is more than enough to be a good host.   Step 5: The date   The date is the easiest part. But there are two areas where newbies make mistakes. Never talk about the money. Never ever. Place the “donation” in a blank envelope and place it where she can easily see it. One of these areas is the donation. Place your donation for her in a blank envelope, and set it in an inconspicuous spot. The two best places are either the bathroom counter, or on top of a desk or dresser. Be sure to make it easy for the escort to spot. You do not want to hand the money to her directly! The reason for this is the money is intended as a donation for her time. Handing the money to her could legally interpreted as money in exchange for a sex act. Click here for more information on “is prostitution legal and is escorting legal?”. Now, on getting things started. The escort will know that you are nervous, so usually she will strip an article of clothing first. I suggest using the mirror technique. When she takes an article of clothing off, you take off that same article of clothing off. Soon you’ll find yourself having the time of your life, and next time, you won’t be a newbie any longer.   Conclusion I hope you got some great information from my article. The next step is to learn the most common mistakes most men make when finding, calling, and going on an appointment with an escort. Avoiding these mistakes will go a long way to your personal safety, your success, and your experience with an escort. You may have instant access to my “Avoid the 10 Mistakes Most Men Make with Escorts”. Click here to download it instantly. Good luck with your endeavor with escorts! It’s a great life to have the ability to spend time with beautiful women who really know how to treat a man. And if you have any questions that I may be able to help you with, email me at jj@beginnerescortguide.com.   Search for: Copyright © 2016 · BeginnerEscortGuide.com · All Rights Reserved - We take your privacy very seriously. Disclaimer: Results will vary, and you should not use this information as a substitute for help from a licensed professional. Good luck! By entering, you agree to our terms and conditions. By entering your email address you are also requesting and agreeing to subscribe to our email newsletter. You must be 18 or older to enter. You can read our FTC Disclosure Statement. If you need to contact support, please go to the Contact Us link below. Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us
http://www.bluelight.org/vb/archive/index.php/t-613292.html|_|Bluelight > Community > Sex, Love and Relationships > Escort services PDA View Full Version : Escort services Janja 04-03-2012, 01:55 Hi. You don't need to know my name but I am 24 and am still a virgin. I want to have sex with a women. I considering saving up and purchasing an escort to lose my virginity. I just have general questions on escort services and any information that you may have would be very helpful. Thank you. I don't want a strip dance or anything like that, I want to penetrate (with condom whatever) and the only requirement I have is a relatively clean-looking girl/women. I see a number of escort services listed for my area (NE USA) in my Yellow Pages book. When I call, how do I properly express a desire to "have sex" and not anything else, like a 'hot oil rub'? Is there a specific term I should use when I call that may be "coded" or "known only in the industry"? I really want to have sex so any help would be appreciated. I am a good looking man, but I am shy and don't want to try and find a girlfriend for the night in a bar or something, and I don't have a well paying job for a long term girlfriend at the moment. Again, any help is awesome. Thanks. :) TheLostBoys 04-03-2012, 05:31 You're better off going to a bar & getting a girl. Once you get a girl drinking & shes enjoying your company, you usually will get laid.......... If you wanna go the escort route, make sure you explain the person you call what you're looking for in a woman. Dont say anything on the phone about sex & how much money for certain sexual encounters. If you want step by step on what to do correctly, just google your question about escorts & you should get an answer..........remember, google is your friend. shahab6 04-03-2012, 09:06 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Janja 04-03-2012, 10:14 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. shahab6 04-03-2012, 21:12 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. no problem, keep us updated on your experience. i against i 04-03-2012, 21:34 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! BeachBum4u 06-03-2012, 01:49 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! DITTO! She'll most likely have you so turned on, you'll be done before you even get started with intercourse. For someone in your situation, it's just biologically "the way it is". I don't know what else to tell you but do try your best to enjoy it though. It doesn't get much better than new p*ssy!! Alex000 06-03-2012, 05:59 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. xstayfadedx 06-03-2012, 06:38 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? Anyways I think you shouldn't do it... Its just not worth it. You should wait until you find someone because what are you going to do when you want to have sex again? (I'm sure you will want to). Are you going to call up the escorts every time? Isn't it actually more nerve racking getting an escort than just a regular chick.... I don't know but think this through. shahab6 06-03-2012, 18:22 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. well his going to be practing until the right girl comes a long. Plus he mentioned he doesn't want to get a gf. Jonb 07-03-2012, 02:20 Remember you aren't paying for sex... You are paying her to leave. Nothing wrong with that IMO. J Alex007 07-03-2012, 02:29 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. billdeserthills 07-03-2012, 03:24 I can't believe all the negativity on here. You should do as you like, as you have no one to please save yourself. Not that I have ever paid for it, but millions of people have and nobody can say they were all wrong. augustaB 07-03-2012, 03:50 Gee, I lost my cherry to a hooker when I was just 17. She was nice really. It was just me that was stupid ;) Lots of escorts advertise in the classifieds. The younger ones charge more. A mature lady may well be more understanding. Please be polite when do your visit and please don't be drunk. Hookers hate having to deal with drunks. Agree your price and what you want before starting. Don't take more money than you can afford with you. Don't be shy and don't hide your body away. A working girl will have seen more men's bodies than you can imagine. As long as it's clean they don't mind too much. Be friendly but don't expect friendship. I had a period in my life that I visited lots of hookers. Some of them were nice, some of them indifferent. Everyone was different, so just be yourself. stardust.hero 07-03-2012, 03:55 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Amazing advice. The part about gaining confidence is really important. Goodluck Janja <3 axl blaze 07-03-2012, 07:25 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) shahab6 07-03-2012, 19:43 They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the . has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Also not doing something in fear of it going bad is no excuse in not doing something. Im sure a lot of us got bad drug product, but that didnt stop us from not ever doing it, we went to someone else. Thats the problem when things are illegal, if it was legal, like someplaces, you don't have to worry about that stuff. When things are illegal, it can create many problems for both parties. When its not regulated, bad things can happen to both side. LuGoJ 07-03-2012, 20:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. shahab6 07-03-2012, 21:25 Also if you found a good looking friendly nice one, You can call her again. so you don't have to keep looking again for another.. As other say they can scam you. But then again half the fun is looking for new one, and being with a new one. xstayfadedx 08-03-2012, 00:55 not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? billdeserthills 08-03-2012, 05:51 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? Sorry, I still don't get it PriestTheyCalledHim 08-03-2012, 06:18 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? I get it. In a lot of places paying for a prostitue is illegal. In other places it's completely legal. I don't know where the OP is from so for all I know prostitution could be completely legal in the country where he's from. I don't think it's the best thing to buy sex or even do sex for pay as your first time having sex with someone but everyone's different and while I've never done either some people have done one or the other and it's their choice. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:05 Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. The fact that you used the word hobbyist shows that you know what you are talking about. OP, forget every single thing that everyone has told u on this thread and focus on what LuGoJ just advised, " I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before even entertaining the idea." On those forums you will discover which agencies are legit and which aren't and which chicks are GFE and which are scams. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:15 has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Let's just say someone very very close to me runs a legitimate agency that assures GFE and client satisfaction. Every wealthy hobbyist from NYC, Boston, Vermont, etc comes to my Canadian city to hobby. If you know anything about the game you could easily guess which city that is. Many chicks are infamous for ditching their clients in the first 30 mins. Some will exploit you with " extra options", and since pussy is such a strong drug, they'll leave u with nothing. Some chicks will straight up tell u to go pay the receptionist, and by the time u get back the "receptionist" will disappear and the escort as well. Some will lie and tell their pimp or the driver that u tried to beat them up, and u know exactly what happens after that. Trust me it's a dirty game. DrunkardsDream 08-03-2012, 07:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. What is GFE? OP-Do you really want to lose your virginity to a hooker? If you do this use condoms but if the prostitute is any good they'll make you use condoms. Don't a lot of hookers use condoms when sucking dick? Do people give oral sex or rim jobs to female prostitutes or would someone actually want to do this? I know among bisexual and gay men that oral sex sometimes just giving or sometimes just getting is a staple and it's sex but many of us will do it to a BF/partner for hours at a time if we can. I'm not into rimming but I have friends who really enjoy it and love to get it or do it to someone. The only guys I've ever known who don't like getting oral sex or giving oral sex are men who are only into either getting or giving anal sex and that's mainly all they do when they have sex. I am OK with giving anal sex to a man but I want him to be a partner and we use condoms. I have dated men who all they wanted to do was anal sex and I found them to be very boring. I agree with XstayfadedX, the first time you have sex it might not be all that special but you're going to want to do it again with whoever it is and it could be that same night or pretty soon after that. I'm a gay man and while I have never paid for sex I have some older gay male friends who have and they're mainly only attracted to younger adult gay men and have trouble finding them in bars or on hook up sites, and some only do it once a year or a few times a year when they travel for business. Others have kinks or fetishes that their partner does not like to do or doesn't understand so they pay someone to do it for them like how some men pay a Dominatrix. Alex007 08-03-2012, 08:18 GFE means Girlfriend Experience. In GFE, the escort offers you services that are typical of a girlfriend; BBBJ (blowjob without a condom) LFK/DFK (light or deep french kissing) DATY(eating her pussy) and penetration with a condom. If the client is not getting these services even though he paid for GFE, he is getting fucked in the ass. Client can also opt for extras on top of the basic GFE services. This would include things like CIM( cumming in her mouth) GREEK(anal sex), etc. All of these will cost extra. However, some chicks might provide these services in the basic GFE package, which is a great offer especially if she is superrrrrrrr hot. And yes, some escorts rim guys and vice-versa. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
http://www.gq-magazine.co.uk/article/gq-girls-anka-radakovich-on-the-girlfriend-escort-experience|_|FASHION WATCHES CULTURE GROOMING LIFESTYLE GIRLS GQ VIDEO GIRLS More + FASHION WATCHES CULTURE GROOMING LIFESTYLE GIRLS GQ VIDEO FITNESS POLITICS CARS SPORT FOOD & DRINK CATWALK GQ STYLE MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE Follow Twitter Facebook Instagram Newsletter 1/0 9 trends you need to know for autumn FASHION 9 trends you need to know for autumn London's best cocktail bars FOOD & DRINK London's best cocktail bars Louis Theroux: 'Scientologists are not bad people' FILM Louis Theroux: 'Scientologists are not bad people' Mafia 3 is dark, violent and racially charged GAMES Mafia 3 is dark, violent and racially charged Hedi Slimane rejoins Twitter, launches epic YSL tirade FASHION BUSINESS Hedi Slimane rejoins Twitter, launches epic YSL tirade The sexiest girls at Paris Fashion Week S/S '17 GIRLS The sexiest girls at Paris Fashion Week S/S '17 The Grand Tour's first official trailer is here THE GRAND TOUR The Grand Tour's first official trailer is here GQ Menswear briefing: 3 must-read stories for 7 October FASHION BUSINESS GQ Menswear briefing: 3 must-read stories for 7 October Bastille: 5 things you didn't know about one of Britain's favourite indie bands CULTURE Bastille: 5 things you didn't know about one of Britain's favourite indie bands Hottest Women of the Week: Emily Blunt is our leading lady in New York GIRLS Hottest Women of the Week: Emily Blunt is our leading lady in New York 14 best new menswear items in the world this week SHOPPING 14 best new menswear items in the world this week Humans Season 2 calls for a 'synthetic human collection service' TV Humans Season 2 calls for a 'synthetic human collection service' Kirsty Gallacher: Live on British GQ Facebook SPORT Kirsty Gallacher: Live on British GQ Facebook Girl On The Train is off the rails FILM Girl On The Train is off the rails Fashion Watches Culture Grooming Lifestyle Girls GQ Video Fitness Politics Cars Sport Food & Drink Catwalk GQ Style Magazine Subscribe Follow GQ Top stories FASHION 9 trends you need to know for autumn FOOD & DRINK London's best cocktail bars FILM Louis Theroux: 'Scientologists are not bad people' GAMES Mafia 3 is dark, violent and racially charged FASHION BUSINESS Hedi Slimane rejoins Twitter, launches epic YSL tirade GIRLS The sexiest girls at Paris Fashion Week S/S '17 THE GRAND TOUR The Grand Tour's first official trailer is here FASHION BUSINESS GQ Menswear briefing: 3 must-read stories for 7 October CULTURE Bastille: 5 things you didn't know about one of Britain's favourite indie bands GIRLS Hottest Women of the Week: Emily Blunt is our leading lady in New York SHOPPING 14 best new menswear items in the world this week TV Humans Season 2 calls for a 'synthetic human collection service' SPORT Kirsty Gallacher: Live on British GQ Facebook FILM Girl On The Train is off the rails GIRLS The real-life girlfriend experience Story by Anka Radakovich Thursday 29 March 2012 Photography by iStock Story by Anka Radakovich Thursday 29 March 2012 These days, when a man pays for a high-priced call girl, he wants more bang for his buck. Escorts are not known for kissing their clients, but today men are paying for high-priced escorts who are willing to kiss them, "date" them, and be their pretend girlfriends. It's called the "girlfriend experience", and escorts are no longer called hookers, prostitutes, whores or hos; they are now called "providers". Customers, previously known as punters, or Johns, or dirty old men now refer to themselves as "hobbyists". Kristin Davis, the Manhattan Madam whose former clients included New York's Governor Eliot Spitzer, says that when men call up and want the GFE, (or the girlfriend experience), they ask for a "a nice girl" which is escort code, since prostitutes don't want to describe over the phone what sexual activity will be exchanged for money. "This usually means that they want kissing and unprotected oral," she says. "It's code for paying for things a girlfriend would do with her boyfriend such as foreplay, non-rushed sex, and cuddling," she notes, a concept interesting to any woman (and believe me there are many) who have had sex for free with no foreplay, two minutes of penetration, and zero cuddling. It's also a trend explored by Steven Soderbergh in his 2009 film The Girlfriend Experience featuring adult film star Sasha Grey, pictured. Advertisement The GFE starts with dinner at a nice restaurant followed by making out on the sofa back at her place - often her own flat, where the sexual menu generally includes - DFK (deep French kissing), BBBJ, (bare-back blow job), DATY (dining at the Y), mish (missionary), doggie, and if she's really a good girlfriend A level (anal sex). There are websites (such as theeroticreview.com) where men with a fun hobby can read restaurant-style restaurant reviews of high-end UK prostitutes. On the Erotic Review website you can see pretty much what you're getting via links to the provider's site and titillating reviews. MORE GIRLS The sexiest girls at Paris Fashion Week S/S '17 GIRLS The sexiest girls at Paris Fashion Week S/S '17 Hottest Women of the Week: Emily Blunt is our leading lady in New York GIRLS Hottest Women of the Week: Emily Blunt is our leading lady in New York Hottest Women of the Week: Rihanna unveils new fashion range in Paris GIRLS Hottest Women of the Week: Rihanna unveils new fashion range in Paris Zara Larsson: Live on British GQ Facebook now GIRLS Zara Larsson: Live on British GQ Facebook now Between £200 and £1,200 buys you a dream girlfriend who is an eight ("totally hot"), a nine ("model material"), or even a ten ("I can't believe it's a service!"). Reading the provider reviews assures that you'll never get a four ("only if you're drunk"), a three ("homely"), a two ("ugly"), or a one ("I was really scared"). Reviews are blow-by-blow and start with a description of how the escort looked at first glance ("She opened the door scantily clad in sexy lingerie and very high, high heels"). Then her body parts are sized up. The Erotic Review website has a check list of breast appearance that includes perky, rock hard, super-nice, droopy and unnatural. Under pussy the choices are natural, partially shaved and shaved. The PSE or porn star experience is increasingly popular, since guys watch so much porn they want to actually have sex with the real thing. Advertisement According to Mckenzies Escorts, which provides escorts throughout the UK that combine the GFE with the PSE, "If you are looking for an unbelievably naughty girlfriend experience with a real porn star, look no further! All of our porn star escorts have insatiable appetites for wild encounters. None of them are ever shocked. They are the naughtiest, dirtiest, filthiest sluts available." According to the Erotic Review, escorts are rated on a one to ten scale for performance. "An escort provider is only eligible to earn up to a seven, the site notes, "unless she is willing to perform one or some of the following during a session: kisses with tongue, bare-back blow job, really bi and anal sex. For each of these services, her potential max score is raided by one point, with ten as an absolute maximum." For those aspiring to try a new "hobby", the newbie board on the Erotic Review answers all questions and suggests how to get started. "How do you pay?" asks one guy. "I don't want my wife to see my credit card statement." "You put the cash into an envelope," answers an experienced hobbyist. "Then you hand it to the girl beforehand. It's called the donation." Er, duh! Veronica Monet, a former escort who wrote a book called Sex Secrets Of Escorts, says that the girlfriend experience is popular because the men requesting it "want an intellectual and emotional connection". On the Erotic Review message boards, escorts also join in the discussion. During one exchange a provider writes, "I always have regulars who fall in love with me. It's really annoying." Advertisement As part of a sex survey conducted by the site, 50 per cent of those who responded said they were married. Another 44 per cent said they "would leave their 'SO' (significant other) for an active provider". "Since I've become an escort," says another woman, "I've never had so many marriage proposals in my life." Originally published in the November 2009 issue of British GQ. Anka Radakovich is GQ's Sex Columnist. For more on The Girlfriend Experience read Sasha Grey's girlfriend experience by GQ's Jamie Millar. Share this Article RECOMMENDED Gaming Special: Real-life games CULTUREGaming Special: Real-life games STORY BY LOUISE DONOVAN Revealed: real life in the Playboy Mansion CULTURERevealed: real life in the Playboy Mansion STORY BY MAX WILLIAMS When the Yes Man met the Dice Man CULTUREWhen the Yes Man met the Dice Man STORY BY DANNY WALLACE Are you ready-to-wear rock? CULTUREAre you ready-to-wear rock? STORY BY GQ MAGAZINE Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Careers Contact Us © Condé Nast UK 2016 Information Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Careers Contact Us © Condé Nast UK 2016
http://www.lasvegasdirect.com/findingsex.html|_|Home | Hotels | Air/Hotel | Deals | Shows | Things to Do | Forum | Guides 1-888-ME-VEGAS Support Las Vegas Direct Home Hotels Deals Air/Hotel Shows Things to Do Forum Guides Customer Support Check-In Check-Out Rooms 1 adult in 1 room 2 adults in 1 room More options... Rooms Adults Children     Find Vegas Deals! POSTS Las Vegas Buffet of Buffets Pass Caesars Palace Vegas WSOP VIP Weeke… Las Vegas Craps Rules and Bets Las Vegas Craps. How to Play and Wi… Las Vegas Roulette Rules. How to Pl… Machine Gun Vegas Dig This Las Vegas Construction Pla… Las Vegas Blackjack Rules. How to P… The Mansion at MGM Grand The History of Las Vegas Getting Cheap Vegas Show Tickets Lowest Vegas Hotel Rate Tips Single Guy’s Guide to Vegas Las Vegas Weather Las Vegas Hotel Resort Fees 2016 Las Vegas Dress Code Secret Phone Rates $100 CASH-BACK! Las Vegas Show Guide Home Finding Sex in Las Vegas. Brothels. Prostitution. Escorts. This “Sin City” guide was put together by the editors of Las Vegas Direct, your source for getting the absolute lowest hotel rates in Vegas. Book Direct and Save! Prostitution is 100% illegal in Las Vegas Clark County.  However, you can still find plenty of adult entertainment in Vegas if you know where to look. In this guide to finding sex in Las Vegas, you will find links to legal brothels in Nevada as well as general advice to help you make the most of your Vegas stay when it comes to getting lucky. The Old Fashioned Way:  Long gone are the days when Las Vegas was considered just for guys.  More and more, women are visiting and having their own “girl’s night out.”  Some may even be looking for a “secret” Vegas vacation romance. Okay, so you know they are out there. Where do you go to meet them? Well, you first need to realize that Vegas is not much different than your own hometown. Most women are there to have fun with their friends and are not likely to be open to your advances, no matter how much you might try.   It is really a numbers game. If you talk to enough ladies, you will eventually score. Walk down The Strip and say hello. Hit the hotel bars, clubs, and lounges. It might be advisable to get out of the high-end hotels where all the “gold-diggers” are and hit the bars at some of the more low-key hotels. Think O’Sheas Casino, Casino Royale, Harrah’s, Slots ‘O Fun, etc. These places are known for cheap booze. Until a girl meets you and you start to pay for their drinks, they want a fun place with cheap booze. You will also  avoid running into escorts which we talk about in the next section. See our Single Guy’s Guide to Vegas for more tips.   Save a Bundle by Calling 1-888-ME-VEGAS Ask About Our Secret Unpublished Vegas Rates! Escorts: Alright … you have decided you want a super hot chick, are willing to pay for it, and you have the cash and want no hassles. The Las Vegas phone book, or places like Backpages.com is full of escort services. Yes, we said it is illegal. Yes, it is illegal. When they send a girl to you, no one is agreeing to sex. You are just agreeing to pay to have “Bambi” come to your room and maybe watch a movie together. Past that, what the two of grown adults do and bargain for stays in the room. The downside? If you get ripped off, you can’t really call the police and say “I hired a hooker” if you don’t get what you paid for. While safer than street prostitutes, you are going to be with a girl who has been around with countless men, so wear full protection at all times. Street Hookers: All of the halfway attractive girls work for escort agencies and you are risking a lot more than using an escort, including getting robbed or even drugged. Plus, word is that the AIDS rate is much high in the local prostitution community among hookers. Many of these women are needle drug addicts and will take a few more bucks to skip the protection, exposing themselves to disease. Don’t even think of not using protection. Brothels: Remember, we said prostitution was illegal in Clark County. It is illegal in any Nevada county with over 400,000 residents (which basically means Las Vegas and Reno). However, that still leaves close to 16 counties where it is legal with about 19 active brothels. Even though Clark County is the size of the state of New Jersey, Las Vegas is located where you can be out of the county with an hour drive. For about what you take a chance on paying with a local escort, you can go out and have your pick of a lineup of attractive women. In addition, it is also going to be much safer, since Nevada law requires weekly STD testing and monthly tests for things like HIV. Further, the use of condoms is required by law for intercourse and oral sex. Average costs are about $200-$600 per hour, but it can vary widely based on the place and girl as well as requested services (some can be in the $1000’s).  Services will always include basics, like a blowjob and intercourse, but many other items are provided. Examples include Half and Half (Blowjob and intercourse),  Girl on Girl (watch 2 girls), Threesome (sex with 2 girls), Classic Blowjob, Hot and Cold Blowjob (various sensations), Breast Massage, Massage with Happy Ending, Reciprocal Body Massage with Happy Ending, Bubble Bath Party, Shower Party, GFE (Girlfriend Experience where you do girlfriend things followed by sex), Drag Queen Cross Dressing, Lingerie Fetish Show, Role Playing, Bondage / BDSM Play Session, Adult Toy Show, Foot Fetish Party and others. Below is a list of legal brothels in Las Vegas with links for more information about them. You will also find “menus” of services provided. Brothels closer to Vegas will usually be more expensive.  Legal Las Vegas Brothels Sheri’s Ranch – closest brothel near Las Vegas Bunny Ranch (Moonlite) – Carson City Alien Cathouse – Amargosa Mustang Ranch – Sparks Bella’s Hacienda Ranch – Wells Kit Kat Ranch – Mound House / Carson City Madame Butterfly Massage – Nye Inez’s D&D Bar – Elko Chicken Ranch – Pahrump Donna’s Ranch – Wells PussyCat Saloon and Brothel – Winnemucca Calico Club – Battle Mountain Venus Bath and Massage – Nye Dovetail Ranch – Carlin Sharon’s Brothel Bar – Carlin Sue’s Fantasy Club – Elko Love Ranch North – Reno Love Ranch South – Nye Sagebrush Ranch – Carson City Villa Joy Brothel – Winnemucca Big 4 Ranch – Ely    The following Brothels are now CLOSED or being renovated: Wild West Saloon, Simone’s de Paris, The Shady Lady Ranch, Pussycat Ranch, Playmate Ranch, No. 1 Geisha, My Place, Cottontail Ranch, Bikini’s Gentlemen’s Club & Brothel, Angel’s Ladies. Hotel Escorts:  Many hotels, especially business oriented ones have a bar scene. If a hotel has a ‘club’, it is usually there. Once you tune into it, it is quite obvious. If an attractive girl is sitting by herself after midnight and just starts flirting with you for no reason, the odds are very high she is an escort. Just look for the unusually ethnically diverse group of women in ‘little black dress’ evening wear in a business hotel bar, that are quietly drinking by themselves and not partying. Another tip is that they will rarely drink alcohol while “on the job,” so a single woman drinking hot tea or coffee is a sign. If you wait long enough, you can be assured that one will eventually approach you. However, you need to be at least presentable (wear reasonably nice clothes and be well groomed and clean) or they will think you don’t have any cash, or just not want to deal with you. You can also approach them by making eye contact and engaging in light conversation. Don’t expect anyone at the hotel to help you out. The more expensive girls still hang out around the casino bar/lounge at major hotels, like MGM Grand, Venetian, Caesars Palace, NY NY, Cosmopolitan, Mirage, Bellagio,  Bally’s, Treasure Island, Rio, Wynn and Encore. Some girls also work the night clubs, and sometimes the day/pool parties. Las Vegas escorts are in general more expensive than other places. Be prepared to pay several hundred dollars with some that might even be over a grand if she is super hot. It is best to be staying at the same hotel, so you just need to go up to your room. Many escorts will only go with guests staying at the hotel. They feel safer doing it that way. Don’t expect an escort to get in your car either. If you don’t have a room at the same hotel, some escorts will walk with you to a close place, or use an hourly rate motel. Be prepared to negotiate on the price as they will always start very high, but you still have to be reasonable, especially if it is hot escort. Exotic Dancing and Those Annoying Flyers – No trip to Vegas is complete without running into people giving out flyers and brochures promoting “exotic dance” services. They can be found almost everywhere. You can also find these companies in your hotel phone book under “Entertainers” or “Modeling Services.” The girls who work for these outfits are the same ones that cruise the casinos. The only difference is that they are waiting for calls. The flyers may just list “modeling” as the service. If you want to negotiate for say actual sex, you will need to pay a premium that is likely to be higher than if you just met the girl in a hotel bar. As you might guess, there are more people involved to share the revenue. A benefit to these outfits is some accountability against being robbed. The average time they will stay is about 30 minutes, and then the phone starts ringing for other jobs. Strip Clubs: There are a number of strip clubs you can go to, and some of the girls will meet you after work, but here again cost can be a problem. Unless somebody tips you off to a particular lady that is interested in dates, you can spend a ton of cash and never get anywhere. The better strip clubs include Sapphire, Spearmint Rhino and the Palomino Club. Most are just topless. See our guide for more info. You can get in as long as you are 18+, but if they serve alcohol, you must be 21 or older. Swinger Clubs: If you are into it, Vegas has some swinger clubs. The best and largest is the The Red Rooster.  You need to bring your own liquor if you want to drink. Another major one is The Green Door which does not allow any alcohol.  You need to be 18+ to get in to them. Expect to find mostly other guys and most of the women will want to be with other couples. You will find older and less attractive ladies and these places. Your best chances will be if you are a good looking attractive guy and you can find a couple looking for more action with you. Being bisexual is a definite plus. Weeknights make it easier to score than weekends as they are less busy. Massage Parlors: You can find many of them on the Vegas Strip. You can definitely get a massage. Anything more is between you and the girl. You can sometimes find reviews for better ones. Korean massage parlors in particular are known for being more open when it comes to added value services.  Topless Pools: Las Vegas has topless European style pools such as the Moorea Beach Club at Mandalay Bay, Venus Pool at Caesars,  Bare Pool Lounge at Mirage, and the Sapphire Pool, which is run by the Sapphire strip club, so you will definitely be seeing attractive topless women if you decide to pay for it.  Getting into these pools can be a challenge if you are coming in with a group of guys. Be sure to show respect for the topless women, since most are not there to be ogled at and just want to relax. Stick with the strip clubs if you want to stare.   Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Subscribe to Vegas Deals! Subscribe! CONTACT / SUPPORT 1-888-ME-VEGAS Chat / E-Mail Support Website STAY CONNECTED LINKS Vegas Hotels Vegas Air/Hotel Packages Vegas Weather Affiliate Program Book Online or by Phone at 1-888-ME-VEGAS / 1-702-425-7580.   State Seller of Travel License: 2116448 Copyright 2016 Las Vegas Direct. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
http://www.lasvegaslimodiaries.com/las-vegas-brothels/|_|Home About Limo Diaries Vegas Green Company Las Vegas Limo Reviews Limo Driver Reviews Tips & Reviews Las Vegas Limo Etiquette Vegas Limo Driver Etiquette Las Vegas Limos and Drugs Limos Las Vegas Limo Fleet Sedan Limos Vegas Limos Vegas SUV Limos Vegas Stretch SUV Limos Vegas H2 Hummer Limos Vegas Pink Hummer Limos Vegas Ford F-650 Stretch Limos Vegas Party Bus Vegas Armored Limousines Airport Limos Limo Rates Las Vegas Sedan Rates Las Vegas SUV Limo Rates Las Vegas Party Bus Rates Special Occasions Conventions Corporate Event Limo Services Las Vegas Convention Shuttles Services Limo Tours Limo Strip Tours Nightclub Limo Tours Strip Club Tours Limo Sex Tours Las Vegas Sex Shop Limo Tours Grand Canyon Limo Hoover Dam Limo Service Area Limo Guide Swingers Limo Advertisements VIP Services Las Vegas Airport Las Vegas Airport Meet & Greet Services Las Vegas Airport Limo Services Bachelor Party Bachelorette Party Bodyguards Bottle Service Car Rental Vegas Exotic Car Rentals Conventions Las Vegas Convention & Visitors Authority (LVCVA) Sands Expo and Convention Center Dining Las Vegas VIP Entertainment Las Vegas Models Vegas Escorts Vegas Golf Las Vegas Golf Courses Vegas Golf Caddy Girls Hotels Just for Girls Lawyers Party Mansions Private Jets Shopping Vegas Shows Vegas Tours VIP Access Weddings VIP Packages VIP Packages R Rated Package X Rated Package XX Rated Package XXX Rated Package Custom Package Strip Club Tours Vegas Party Vegas For Girls Las Vegas Bachelorette Contact us Las Vegas Brothels For the man who wants it all in Las Vegas, brothels are nearby to cater to you.  A common mistake is to assume that prostitution is legal in Las Vegas.  It is definitely NOT legal.  The local police routinely perform sting operations and arrests are frequent.  However, legal brothels are located near Las Vegas in neighboring counties.  Your VIP host or limo driver has the details. To be precise, these should really be considered Pahrump brothels.  Pahrump is the closest city to Las Vegas with legal prostitution.  Jump in your Vegas VIP limo for the quick one-hour ride to our client’s favorite brothel, Sheri’s Ranch.  Some clients prefer the Chicken Ranch and based on what they tell us on the ride back to Las Vegas, both of the ranches are guaranteed to leave you relaxed and smiling. Brothels, call girls, hookers, escort services offering sex and street prostitutes are not legal anywhere in the City of Las Vegas and Clark County. Licensed prostitution brothels (whorehouse and cathouse) are only legal in certain counties in the state of Nevada. What makes prostitutes and brothels legal in Nevada? Legal prostitution in Nevada is decided primarily by the individual county population size. Sheris Ranch Brothel – Legal Nevada Prostitution The Resort and Spa at Sheri’s Ranch is a Legal Nevada Brothel. Sheri’s Ranch Brothel is Licensed and offers Legal Prostitution. The nearest licensed legal brothels from Las Vegas Nevada is in Pahrump about 60 miles away, which is in Nye County. Sheri’s Ranch is the best brothel in Pahrump Nevada and one of the closest legal brothels from the Las Vegas Strip area. Single men, couples and ladies are always welcome at Sheri’s! Fulfill your sex fantasies! Find all the hottest Nevada ladies near the Las Vegas area at Sheri’s Ranch. The attractive sexy ladies are at the brothel to accommodate your sexual desires and pleasure.  Unlike many other brothels in the state of Nevada, Sheri’s styles itself as a “Resort” sitting on 20 acres of land. With upscale suites and furnishings, Sheri’s caters to both singles and couples. The Hotel and Spa amenities include 8 standard rooms and 3 themed deluxe suites. Located on the east side of the brothel property is the uniquely themed VIP Bungalows. Each room is specific to the theme with various props and artwork. The easiest way to find and choose your personal favorite lady is to browse thru the Weekly Lineup. Nevada Brothel Ladies Reviews – Adult Sex Personals The ultimate Nevada Legal Prostitution adult sex personals review guide! Read customer personal reviews of the Sheri’s Ranch legal Nevada prostitution ladies. Also, write a review to share about your own personal sexual encounter with the Sheri’s Ranch brothel ladies. Other brothels near Las Vegas are; Angel’s Ladies, Cherry Patch Ranch Cottontail Ranch and Shady Lady Ranch. VIP Packages   Vegas Stories » About Us » Video Diaries » Submit Your Video » Contact Us Vegas Services » Nightclubs » Golf Resorts » Pool Parties » Vegas Tours » Video Production Vegas Limos » Limos » Limo Fleet » Airport Limos » Limo Rates » Limo Tours Contact Us info@lasvegaslimodiaries.com 3867 S Valley View Blvd Ste 10A Las Vegas, NV 89103 1 (702) 530-7713 Twitter Facebook Google Youtube  
http://www.luxury-thailand-travel.com/girlfriend-experience-in-thailand.html|_|Girlfriend Experience in Thailand All you need to know about having the best time of your life in the City of Angels  Here's looking at you kid 2 Save  Girlfriend Experience in Thailand So many of the male visitors to my site are constantly asking me how to best go about getting a true girlfriend experience in the city of angels while eliminating some of the hurdles, hassles or horror stories that you may or may not have heard about. Hopefully I will be able to shed a little light on this sexy subject, including many of the myths and misconceptions you might encounter. But first I'd like to separate fact from fiction between a girlfriend relationship experience with a Thai female and that of a girlfriend sexual experience with a Thai female. The content on this page is dedicated to foreign nationals wishing to share a few fun-filled hours with a pretty Thai female sex worker. That is, whether you wish to visit a go-go bar, a beer bar, a massage parlour or an escort agency. The term Girlfriend Experience, also commonly known as GFE is generally considered to be a kind of personal interaction between yourself and the pretty girl you think might be able to add just that little extra sparkle to your possible boring existence, even if it is only for a short while. I imagine it's kinda like being in heaven if this is what you imagine heaven to be.  Sexy Thai Girls 2 Save  An erotic girlfriend experience in Thailand can vary from one person to another and sinfully put, goes way beyond simply having sex. It can mean the difference between things like not having to rush headlong into things and having a lot more quality time. It can also mean more satisfying interaction when it comes to things like french kissing, foreplay, fellatio, and who knows, a heck of a lot more. What I really want to focus on here is to give you some insight into the solutions on what is needed in order to have the maximum of fun and where you need to go in order get that much fun. We will also look at some of the pitfalls and what you need to look out for. It might just be worth your while to fast track your ability to get "street smart" as soon as you possibly can. It can make all the difference between having a really great time and being sorely disappointed.  And there are always going to be some who continually complain when their girlfriend experience in Thailand goes horribly wrong. There are those who find themselves in the wrong place at the wrong time. There are those who have had far too much to drink. And there are those who are a little too impolite or there are those who simply look unkempt and carry too much excess baggage.  Pattaya Beer Bar Girls 2 Save The Good, the Bad and the Ugly Heartfelt Complaints and Common Mistakes Heartfelt complaints can be girls who turn a long time into a short time. Girls wanting to push off earlier than expected or leaving first thing in the morning. There are always going to be tons of reasons why your girlfriend experience in Thailand can go in all the wrong directions. There is a simple explanation to this. One common mistake I frequently see being made over and over again in Thailand is that far too many naive and unfamiliar hot blooded males get overly excited or just plain gaga when confronted by so many beautiful females in a place where it's the exact opposite in their own natural environment or ideology. What you need to understand, is that you must on all accounts, stay focused and never ever be in too much of a hurry in your final decision making. If you are, you could easily end up choosing the wrong girl and with that, your dream experience could be long gone. Never ever give up though, as there are plenty more coming your way. Be patient. You know what they say - If you miss one bus, there's another on its way, sooner than you think. Other common mistakes people make that need to be addressed are as follows: Always behave in a respectful and courteous manner. You'll be surprised how many doors you'll be able to open and with good cause too. That Thai girl you've chosen will see this as a sign you have shown good faith and good face. And with that, she'll more than likely take care of you just that little bit extra. Just remember Thai girls also like to be treated well too. As a bonus, tell her that if her cards are stacked in the right places, there's going to be a very nice tip at the end of the performance. Don't be too stingy now. It's all going to go for a good cause.  Happy Go-Go Bar Girls in Pattaya 2 Save Girlfriend Experience in Thailand  Go-Go Bars To begin with, you have to understand that not every day is going to be a good day just like everything else that's destined to happen in your life, so you'll have to appreciate there are no guarantees either. However, if you go out there with your best foot forward, you'll be well on your way through the hurdles I'm going to guide you across. Some are so much better than others. Though there are many ways to enjoy a girlfriend experience in Thailand, some involve more effort than others. In this article I'm only going to cover the ones that require as little effort as possible and where you'll get to encounter a true girlfriend experience in Thailand. These are based on my personal experiences. In my opinion, getting to know the girls in Go-Go Bars can be a harrowing experience, especially for the novice as you never quite know who or what you might end up with. Once you enter a go-go bar - and it doesn't matter where in Thailand you are - you're going to be a target with the possibility of just too many girls clambering for your attention all at once. This has happened to me many times and believe it or not, it could happen to you too. Don't get me wrong, you might love it I'd have to say that go-go bars are not the best places to start looking for your first true girlfriend experience. That is not until you've you've gained of at least some knowledge of how things work in these establishments. The reason for this is that in all the chaos and confusion and coupled with the fact that you may have consumed one too many drinks, the girls appear way too willing to please. And a simple explanation to this, could be because all these girls you've just met in the heat of the moment, are really only interested in relieving you of all your cash and not actually relieving you of what you came here in the first place for. The only thing you are certain to be left with the next day is one heck of a headache minus much of your cash. If I could make a suggestion, you need to go to many go-go bars before identifying possible dangers, if any. Think about this for a moment. As I've said before - You need to stay focused. And judging by the smiling faces and sexy bodies below, I'd say that's a hard act to follow. Bangkok Girl Gucci Bangkok Girl Biya Girlfriend Experience in Thailand Beer Bars and Massage Parlours Next up in trying to find that true girlfriend experience in Thailand are the girls you're bound to come face to face with in the beer bars, of which the town of Pattaya appears to boast the biggest bar scene of this kind. And let me tell you, it's impossible to avoid them. The encounters you'll likely come across in these bars are only slightly better than what is inevitable at go-go bars. The only real difference here is that in a beer bar, your time is never really rushed. You can easily spend the whole day in a beer bar from around 2:00 pm until closing time at midnight or thereafter depending on each establishment.  From my experience, the girls you find in beer bars are not necessary the prettiest you'll come across in town and at times can be a little pushy, especially if you're just passing by on your quest to find a bar you think will best suit your needs, whatever that may be. However, they can be quite friendly.  Also girls in beer bars tend to dress down a lot more whereas girls in go-go bars tend to dress sexier and by far, a lot prettier. Nevertheless, your chances of having a real girlfriend experience in a beer bar are that much better than in a go-go bar. The next best thing to a go-go bar and a beer bar and a true girlfriend experience in Thailand must surely be at a soapy massage parlour of which there are lots around in both the major cities and resort hot spots. You'll even find them at many of the top island destinations too. Some say that you haven't been to Thailand if you haven't had a soapy massage. I have to say there's a lot of truth in that, but don't take my word for it, give it a try yourself. After which drop me a line and tell me just how much you enjoyed your time there. Though there's not much privacy at a massage parlour except of course in your private room or suite, your chances of a true girlfriend experience in Thailand could become that much better. However, don't expect all massage parlours to be equal. Some are better than others and your money could also play a large part in how your encounter develops. I'm not saying that money is everything but it does help. How much can depend on a number of things. I think that finding the right one is the real challenge. Let me know if you need any help. Bangkok Girl Miki Bangkok Girl Star Bangkok Escort Agency for the Best Girlfriend Experience in Thailand I have purposely left the best of the best for last when it comes to where you are assured of getting a true girlfriend experience in Thailand. And for that the only place this is likely to happen and in grand style too, is at an escort agency. But not just any escort agency. Not all escort agencies in Thailand are equal, but one that stands out more than others is in Bangkok. You can visit our agency at bangkokescort.com This particular escort agency has some of the sexiest girls in town but more than that the ladies here are only too willing to make sure that your girlfriend experience in Thailand is truly a memorable one. If you'd like to spend some real quality time with any of our lovely ladies please fill in your details on the booking form you'll find at the bottom of this page. Don't worry - Your information is safe. Bangkok Girl Yumi Bangkok Girl Tip Bangkok Escort Info and Rates Bangkok Escort Rates 2 hours 2 shots 5,000 THB  4 hours 2 shots 7,000 THB  6 hours 2 shots 8,000 THB  10 hours 3 shots 9,000 THB  24 hours 4 shots 12,000 THB  A-Level additional 2,000 THB  Bangkok Escort rates for couples Rates for couples are double the rates posted above. However, it is recommended that couples book two ladies as rates for booking one or two ladies are the same. Couple fee is waived if the number of clients equals that  of the number of girls. Escort rates outside of Bangkok For our Bangkok based girl escorts to travel and meet you outside the capital city, we do charge an additional travelling fee. As an example, travel fees to Pattaya will be an extra 2,500 THB and travel fees to Hua Hin will be 3,500 THB. We are always open to new ideas and service opinions. Please email us if you are looking for a specific service and we will do our best to accommodate you. Escort Uniforms and Outfits We have a variety of uniforms available on request such as School Girl Uniforms, Police Officer and Nurse Outfits, Air Hostess and French Maid Uniforms. You may ask your chosen escort to wear any one of these outfits during your time with her. This is a complimentary service we provide regardless of the number of hours you book with us. We're always looking at ways to increase the number of choices available to enhance your experience. Bangkok Girl Lada Bangkok Girl Tata <a href="http://luxurythailandtravel.wufoo.com/forms/z7x3p3/" title="html form">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a>  Return from Girlfriend Experience in Thailand to Beginners Guide to Massage Parlours  Visit Luxury Thailand Travel's profile on Pinterest.  Recent Articles Bangkok Escort Chanel Sep 24, 16 07:36 AM Bangkok Escort Chanel is offering hot blooded males a once in a lifetime opportunity to make their erotic fantasies a reality, but you'll need to strike the iron while it's sizzling hot. Read More Bangkok Escort Chrystal Sep 24, 16 04:32 AM Asian girls don't come more fresh faced than Bangkok Escort Chrystal. Not only does this bubbly babe sport a smooth and flawless skin tone, she has an exceptional hourglass figure to match. Read More Bangkok Escort Ivy Sep 23, 16 07:26 AM Look no further than Bangkok Escort Ivy as your perfect dinner date, dance companion and bedroom babe as this bubbly lass has more than enough energy to make all your erotic pleasures come true. Read More Bangkok Escort Venus Sep 22, 16 08:41 AM While the planet Venus may be the second brightest object in the night sky, Bangkok Escort Venus, named after the Roman goddess of love and beauty, is the brightest star in the city of angels. Read More Bangkok Escort Pam Sep 19, 16 12:25 PM Look no further than Bangkok Escort Pam for a truly unforgettable girlfriend experience. She cordially invites you to join her for a wild ride that's sure to bring the whole house down. Read More  Please note that this post contains some affiliate links which means I earn a small commission at no extra cost to you if you should purchase after clicking through my blog. Also remember that I never promote any products or services here unless I've used and loved them myself. Your host Grahame (Yep! that's me) from Luxury Thailand Travel says he'd really appreciate your kind support. Simply take your next tour by selecting any one of the many excursions listed on the left side of this page and or book your hotel reservation to amazing Thailand using the HotelTravel search box below. Have a happy holiday and a safe trip. Thailand Hotel Reservation Destination Check-in Check-out Rooms : Child Adult(s) 1 2 3 4 - 1 2 1 2 3 4 Share this page:  What’s this? Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Tumblr Reddit Enjoy this page? Please pay it forward. Here's how... Home Discover Thailand My Secret Blog About the Author Blog Articles Gadabout Grahame Privacy Policy Asian Travel Sites World Travel Sites The Weather Things to Know Getting around Travel Advice Travel Tips Shopping Tips Money Saving Tips Single Guy Travel Single Female Travel Hotels and Resorts Mythical Creatures Food and Recipes Restaurant Guide Thai Recipes Herbs and Spices Fruits and Vegetables Bangkok Scene Shopping Bangkok City Bangkok Markets Bangkok Temples Bangkok Art Scene Arts and Crafts Kids Stuff Where to Go Central Thailand Northern Thailand North East Thailand The East Coast South Thailand Thailand Islands Thailand Beaches National Parks Tours Thailand to Cambodia Private Tours Helicopter Tours Golf Clubs What to Do Leisure Activities Entertainment Attractions Nightlife Thai Bar Games Other Things Thailand Stories Thailand Photos Thai Sports Thai Festivals Thai Property Thai Girlfriend Thai Dating Thai Marriages Thai Books Cotton Canvas Naughty Bits For Adults Only Beginners Guide Bangkok Massage Pattaya Massage Chiang Mai Massage Soapy Massage Sex Vacation Top Escort Agencies Top Bangkok Escorts Lady Escorts Go Go Bars Thai Ladyboys Thai Dating  [?]Subscribe To This Site  Top Tours in Bangkok Top sellers Private Tour: Bangkok Temples Including Reclining Buddha at Wat Pho From USD$35.94 Duration: 3 hours Departs: Bangkok, Thailand Thailand is predominantly a Buddhist country with around 95% of Thai's ...  More info › Private Tour: Floating Markets and Bridge on River Kwai Day Trip from Bangkok From USD$106.05 Duration: 9 hours Departs: Bangkok, Thailand This privately guided, full-day excursion out of Bangkok is a wonderful ...  More info › Private Tour: Bangkok's Grand Palace Complex and Wat Phra Kaew From USD$51.85 Duration: 3 hours Departs: Bangkok, Thailand This half-day private sightseeing tour in Bangkok is a must for anyone ...  More info › Bangkok Dinner Cruise on the Chao Phraya River From USD$38.88 Duration: 2.5 - 3 hours Departs: Bangkok, Thailand Enjoy Bangkok at night on a 2.5-hour dinner cruise along the Chao Phraya ...  More info › Bangkok Chinatown and Night Markets Small-Group Tour including Dinner From USD$63.31 Duration: 5 hours Departs: Bangkok, Thailand Discover the old and new Bangkok, stop for a coffee at a 100 year-old ...  More info ›  Top Tours in Chiang Mai Top sellers Chiang Mai Small-Group Cultural Tour From USD$74.65 Duration: 4-5 hours Departs: Chiang Mai, Thailand Explore the soul and spirit of Chiang Mai on this small-group cultural ...  More info › Wat Doi Suthep Temple and White Meo Hilltribe Village Half-Day Tour from Chiang Mai From USD$46.40 Duration: 4 hours Departs: Chiang Mai, Thailand An inspiring trip to the mountains! Relax while you are driven up to ...  More info › Chiang Mai Adventure: Elephant Camp, Zipline, Whitewater Rafting and Long-Neck Hill Tribe From USD$129.61 Duration: 10 hours Departs: Chiang Mai, Thailand Take a combo adventure tour and experience the best of rural Chiang Mai’s ...  More info › Mae Ping River Small-Group Tour From USD$68.25 Duration: 4 - 5 hours Departs: Chiang Mai, Thailand Discover the enchanting culture of the Chiang Mai area on this small-group ...  More info ›  Top Tours in Pattaya Top sellers Tiffany's Cabaret Show in Pattaya From USD$33.14 Duration: 2 hours Departs: Pattaya, Thailand Tiffany's Cabaret Show is the first true transvestite cabaret show in ...  More info › Elephant Ride and Jungle Trek Half-Day Tour from Pattaya From USD$70.70 Duration: 4 hours 30 minutes Departs: Pattaya, Thailand Want to do something fun and adventurous? Why not go on an elephant ride ...  More info › Nong Nooch Village Half-Day Tour from Pattaya From USD$28.28 Duration: 4 hours Departs: Pattaya, Thailand Nong Nooch is renowned for it's beautiful tropical gardens and cultural ...  More info › Koh Larn Trip from Pattaya including Seafood Lunch From USD$30.05 Duration: 7 hours Departs: Pattaya, Thailand Coral Island is a popular excursion from Pattaya. Travel a short distance ...  More info › Tiger Zoo Tour from Pattaya Including Lunch From USD$26.51 Duration: 4 hours 30 minutes Departs: Pattaya, Thailand Discover the local Wildlife Park where you may observe the resident Tigers ...  More info ›  Top Tours in Phuket Top sellers Phuket Fantasea Show and Dinner From USD$68.58 Duration: 4 hours Departs: Phuket, Thailand Spend an evening at Phuket Fantasea, a theme park and entertainment complex ...  More info › Phuket Introduction City Sightseeing Tour From USD$8.84 Duration: 4 hours Departs: Phuket, Thailand Familiarize yourself with the island of Phuket on a half day guided coach ...  More info › Trekking and Rafting Adventure from Phuket From USD$97.21 Duration: 9 hours Departs: Phuket, Thailand This tour will send you north to the Tone Pariwat Sanctuary Station, ...  More info › Simon Cabaret Show in Phuket From USD$23.38 Duration: 2 hours Departs: Phuket, Thailand Experience the ultimate extravaganza at the Phuket Simon Cabaret Show. ...  More info ›  E-mail Address First Name Then  Don't worry — your e-mail address is totally secure. I promise to use it only to send you Luxury Thailand Travel.  Free Web Submission Thai Dating Hotel Booking Hotels and Resorts Beaches Islands National Parks Attractions Entertainment Kids Stuff Bangkok Markets Bangkok Temples Arts and Crafts Festivals Restaurants Recipes Herbs and Spices Mythical Creatures Nightlife Go Go Bars Blog Traffic  Privacy Policy © copyright 2016 Luxury-Thailand-Travel.com
http://www.mandatory.com/2012/09/06/know-the-code-massage-parlor/|_|girls home Art Artists Books Photography Culture Food & Drink Travel & Nightlife Sports Entertainment Comics Film Gaming TV Design Auto Home Technology Music New Music Festivals Playlists Style Accessories Fashion Grooming Mandatory Pop Culture Funny-Photos Play Living Girls Weird News Videos Search Girls // Sex and Dating Know The Code: Massage Parlors Find your happy ending. by Gary DudakSep 6th, 2012 Massage parlors are tricky. How do you know if the masseuse will offer you a happy ending (if you’re into that sort of thing) when she’s done working out the kinks in your back? You don’t want to ask for something extra only to find yourself thrown out onto the street wearing nothing but a towel. To get to the bottom of this mystery, we asked CJ the Erotic Masseuse to give us all the details and codes to know before you walk in the door of your local massage parlor. SHARE TWEET Contact Advertiser Info Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions AdChoices CraveOnline.com is a property of CraveOnline Media, LLC, an Evolve Media, LLC company. © 2016 All Rights Reserved. NOT IN ANY WAY ASSOCIATED WITH CRAVE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. OR CRAVE MAGAZINE ® monitoring_string = "81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9"monitoring_string = "e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162"monitoring_string = "630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3"monitoring_string = "bf8a6c0d3e406dfcff758c00f8179ae8"
http://www.nevadabrothelfinder.com/|_|TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-2 Play, pay, & smile with Vegas Escorts TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-3 WIN A LAS VEGAS ESCORT DATE! SUBSCRIBE FAQ TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-4 TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-0 Digy Home TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-5 Home Las Vegas Escorts All Brothels Sex Dolls   Welcome! Call (702)-944-7773 for 24/7 Las Vegas escorts to your room in 30 minutes or less. Search the hottest Vegas escorts and browse all Nevada brothels today and welcome to Nevada Brothel Finder! Your premier directory of all Nevada brothels and the hottest Las Vegas escorts the city has to offer. Check out our sexy Vegas girls today or browse the directory of Nevada brothels using the map below. Las Vegas Escorts Meet the most attractive and professional Sin City Women and enhance your stay while in Las Vegas. Simply choose a beautiful babe that you want to spend some time with and give us a call! Check out more Vegas babes by clicking "Las Vegas Escorts" above or by clicking here Alisha (702) 944-7773 Asia (702) 944-7773 Bianca (702) 944-7773 Brazil (702) 944-7773 Briana (702) 944-7773 Haley (702) 944-7773 Jordan (702) 944-7773 Rachel (702) 944-7773 Casey (702) 944-7773 Heather (702) 944-7773 Phoebe (702) 944-7773 Katrina (702) 944-7773 Booking a Las Vegas escort is far superior to the traditional, old-fashioned method of dating. Our service does what dating can’t do for you: It efficiently and affordably connects you with some of the most beautiful women in the local area so that you can enjoy the feminine companionship you have always wanted. Why would you go through the process of trying to find a woman the slow and old-fashioned way when you could contact NevadaBrothelFinder.com and get connected with a sexy and beautiful woman right now? We can’t imagine why anyone would… but don’t take our word for it. Let us walk you through the many reasons that it makes no sense not to book a Vegas escort right now. Date On Your Schedule; Date On Your Time Right from the start, let’s be honest about the drag that is the traditional method of meeting women. You go out to bars and nightclubs, and maybe even to singles’ mixers, hoping to meet someone. This process, in and of itself, takes a lot of your time. You’ve got to get ready, dress nicely to make a great first impression, head out to the location, and then spend hour after hour there, sometimes not even talking to anyone. There may not be anyone worth meeting, or even worse, you may find that the people you would like to meet continually shoot you down. Then you get to experience the great feeling of being humiliated in front of a girl’s gaggle of friends as she and her pack of hens take turns telling various guys they have no chance. Is that your idea of a good time? Well, prepare yourself for hour after fun-filled hour of misery, then, because that’s what the traditional dating scene looks like. More and more men are getting hip to the fact that traditional dating, and the traditional method of meeting women, is a failure. Nightclubs are going out of business in Western countries because people are finding better ways to meet that circumvent the whole grind of going to a bar and trying to get a woman’s attention. When you book one of our Vegas escorts through NevadaBrotherFinder.com, you get immediately connected to a beautiful, sexy woman who is happy to spend time with you. She is friendly, she is engaging, and she knows how to show a man a good time. What’s more, she genuinely enjoys meeting new people and will show you the kind of respect and kindness that you truly deserve. That’s something that most men simply aren’t used to experiencing, and we think the moment you step out with one of our luscious ladies, the experience will ruin you for all old-fashioned methods of meeting women. We provide feminine companionship on your time and at your pace. And the best part is, even if your schedule is very busy, we can help you. Our role is that of administrator. We put you in touch with these lovely ladies and help the two of you to make a connection by making sure your schedule matches her. Whatever the duration of your desired booking, we can help you. Do you want someone to go out with for a more traditional date, such as dinner, drinks, and dancing? Our lovely ladies are waiting for you and would be happy to go out on the town with you for something like that. Do you have just a few hours between appointments, maybe even at an odd time of the day or night, and you’d like to spend it in the company of a sexy and beautiful woman? Well, contact us now and let us book that time slot for you, because we have plenty of gorgeous girls who would be happy to spend some time chatting with you while brightening up your day or night. And if you have something else in mind, some specific social or business function, that’s okay too. Our girls love to be the arm candy that makes you look good when you go to family or school reunions. And if you’ve always dreamed of making your boss jealous of what a player you are, show up at a business function where dates are expected with one of our gorgeous escorts on your arm. Everyone in the room will be amazed at the quality of lady you attract in your personal life. Contrast this to all the time you waste when you try to meet someone the traditional way. Not only do you not have to go through all those wasted hours in bars and at singles mixers when you book with us, but you get your beautiful young lady just when you want her, and when you are done, she leaves without any sort of fuss and with no strings attached. Dating a “normal” woman has with it all kinds of drama and baggage associated. When you date a non-professional girl, all her problems become yours, including her family, her exes, and anything else that might cause you problems. And you can bet that if it’s in her past and it could cause problems for you, it definitely will. Few men are lucky enough to avoid these problems in a relationship for long. Is that what you want? Do you want all that drama and unhappiness? Is dating a woman and trying to impress her, date after date, really worth the stress? We don’t think it is… and we think you’ll agree that there’s a better way when you book one of our girls. That’s the beauty of the service we offer. We free you from the traditional dating grind by saving you time. Instead of wasting time up front, you get to cut right to the good part at the end of any dating process, where you are spending time with a lovely young girl. And you don’t have to worry about impressing her or spending too much extra money on her in the form of dinners, gifts, and other enticements. Ordinary women have to be impressed all the time if you’re going to have a shot, but professional entertainers like our girls know what the score is. They let you be yourself. If you like your Las Vegas escort, you can book her time again, and she would be happy to go out with you again. Our service is a simple one: We put you in touch with these beautiful women so that you can see what develops. It’s entirely legal and it’s a lot of fun. It’s the best way for you to get out and explore the Vegas area while enjoying the stimulating company of a beautiful woman. And if you’re not interested in going out and you just want to spend some quiet time at home or at your hotel relaxing and getting to know the young lady, that’s fine too. Our girls are used to all kinds of different dates, and can fit into almost any social situation without difficulty. They are professionals in every sense of the word. Our Girls Are Far Superior To Internet Dating Maybe you’ve considered doing away with the whole traditional dating scene, but you’ve thought you could get by doing the Internet dating thing. Lots of people are doing it, after all, and you hear about all kinds of people meeting online and hooking up. Well, there are two approaches. You can do the more involved Internet dating site approach, or you can rely on hookup apps on your phone. Both have their problems, and we think you’ll agree that neither one is really ideal when it comes to what you want as a man looking for discreet, convenient feminine companionship. Internet dating requires that you spend all kinds of time at the computer, filling out profile fields, answering questions about yourself, and generally giving the site tons of personal information. The idea is to match you with a woman with whom you are compatible, but honestly, that’s not an exact science. If your matches are at all interesting to you, they may be nothing to look at, and the attractive women on these dating sites are so far outnumbered by men and by unattractive women that you’ll have a hard time getting the attention of one of them at all. Imagine being one of these attractive women and logging onto your dating profile. You’ll have dozens if not hundreds of messages. As a guy, you’re going to have to work pretty hard to get your message noticed, and there’s just no guarantee that you’re going to be able to do that. Its’ a rat race in the truest sense of the word. You’ll have to spend hours and hours trying to meet someone before you even manage to agree to meet someone in the real world… and then, well, she could be a complete psychopath, or nothing like her picture. Then, too, there is the problem of “cat fishing,” wherein men pretend to be women on dating sites. You could waste a lot of time talking to someone who isn’t even a woman. It happens more often than you might think. What about your profile information? A very prominent website recently was found to be improperly storing its users’ data. That data was hacked and ended up on the Web for anybody to see. It’s hard to say how many relationships ended as a result, but do you want to risk that? None of these things are problems when you book with NevadaBrothelFinder. Not only do you not have to waste time trying to meet someone, but you’re not going to go broke paying for site memberships, either. All you have to do is pay our booking fee. It’s as simple as that, and just like that, you’ve been connected with a gorgeous woman who is happy to spend time with you. We Protect Your Privacy Most importantly, we protect your privacy. From the first moments you contact us, we are on guard to make sure your confidentiality is maintained. We do not store your information. We do not share anything about you with any third party. Using our service will not get you on some spammer’s mailing or calling list. We also don’t tell anyone that you booked us for any reason, so there’s no risk that anyone will know you used an escort service unless you yourself choose to tell them. Our girls, too, are skilled in maintaining your privacy, and we take great care to make sure they can be discreet. They know never to discuss any of their clients with any other person, and they never discuss you among themselves. You see, we know you cannot truly relax and enjoy yourself if you are worried about your privacy. That’s why we make protecting you and your privacy a priority. When you book with us, you can enjoy yourself, and rest assured that everything else is taken care of. We are Much More Cost Effective Than Old-Fashioned Dating You already know that booking with us is much more efficient than traditional dating in terms of time, but have you also stopped to consider how much more cost-effective it is to book with us? The fact is, all that time you spend in bars and in other singles’ spots has a real time value associated with it. For one thing, all the time you spend in these places is time you can’t spend working or doing anything else productive. It’s time that must be devoted solely to hanging around bars. And while you’re at bars and clubs, you’re spending money like it’s water, either on cover charges or on buying women drinks or whatever else one has to do to appear to be a “big spender.” That all adds up over time, and it can come to some serious money before you’re through. And when you’re done, what do you have to show for it? If you haven’t successfully met someone, you have nothing to show for it at all. Internet dating is no better. In order to even have a prayer of attracting the attention of a reasonably good-looking woman, you need to have a paying account. Those paying accounts aren’t cheap at all. Buying those memberships will cost you big bucks, and don’t think the owners of those sites don’t know it. Recently it came out that one of the popular “affair” sites on the Internet was faking female accounts to keep its male members paying for their memberships. There were very few women on the site at all. It was all an elaborate scheme to get the male members to keep paying, and all in vain hope of actually meeting someone. Compare this to the incredible experience of going out with one of our NevadaBrothelFinder.com girls. You can take one of these ladies out for the simple price of booking her time. It’s fast, it’s efficient, and there’s no wasted effort. And the best part is that you don’t have to worry where your money is going, or worry that you’ll have nothing to show for it when you’re done. Your lovely young lady will meet you at the place to which the two of you mutually agree, and she will be happy to spend time with you and get to know you. When the booking is done, she’ll leave, and there will be no strings attached. You’ll have gotten precisely what you paid for and you won’t have to worry about any hidden costs. But the best part is, if you like her, you can book her again! This means you can be yourself and really enjoy what you’re doing. You don’t have to worry that anything is out of your control. Take Back the Power In The Dating Game Are you tired of always being on the losing end of the dating game? When you book one of our Las Vegas escorts, you don’t have to worry anymore that you’re getting the short end of the stick. You can command the respect that you have always deserved when you step out on the town with one of our young ladies. You see, all of our women are professional entertainers. They are skilled in making sure that you have a good time, and their goal is to see to it that you are satisfied. This contrasts sharply with the way most men experience dating. For most men, dating is like an audition that never stops. First, you’ve got to get her attention. If you’re lucky enough to get her attention, you have to spend countless dollars trying to convince her that you’re the sort of man who is worthy of follow-up dates. And even if you do manage to earn those further dates down the road, there is no guarantee that you’ll ever be able to seal the deal. You may go through all that time, effort, and expense, yet have nothing to show for it when it’s all done. Dating a Las Vegas escort, spending time with one of our NevadaBrothelFinder.com girls, is all about taking back the respect and fun that you have always deserved. If you knew you could finally go out and spend time with a beautiful woman without stress, without worrying that you had to do anything but be yourself, wouldn’t you jump at the chance? Wouldn’t it be great to know that the success or failure of the date is her responsibility, not yours? Wouldn’t you just love to be able to go out and spend time with a lovely young lady who has no agenda other than to have fun with you and get to know you? Our girls are trained, professional entertainers who not only know how to have a good time, but who will take charge and make sure that you are satisfied. This is a guarantee you won’t get from any “ordinary” or non-professional woman. Our girls have embraced the party lifestyle of an escort, and we screen them for the stamina this requires. To be an escort means you have to be a high-energy woman. You have to be able not only to go out and have fun night after night, meeting new people and doing interesting, exciting, adventurous things, but you also have to be able to maintain that level of energy from night to night, whether it’s the first night of the month or the last. Every client deserves the utmost from his escort, and every man wants a woman who is enjoying herself for real. Our girls do not just go through the motions of having a good time. They know that you deserve better than that. No man wants to spend time with a woman who is not genuinely enjoying herself, and our ladies understand this. They are chosen for their willingness not just to meet new people, but their ability to enjoy themselves doing it. They love to get to know you. They are people who enjoy people, and their social skills are unrivaled. Our NevadaBrothelFinder.com girls are the finest in the area. They are sexy, they are uninhibited, and they are extremely beautiful. There are plenty of competing agencies with whom you could book feminine companionship, but we are confident that once you try ours, you will never want to go with anyone else. And the experience of going out with one of our escorts will ruin the old-fashioned ways of dating for you from then on. You will never want to go back to the way it was when you have experienced how great it can be. Don’t wait any longer. Every hour you delay is an hour wasted, and that is an hour you could have been spending with an attractive Las Vegas escort. Get in touch with us now and let us get the ball rolling for you today. Let us connect you with a beautiful woman who can start showing you a good time right now. You have nothing to lose! Nevada Brothels Check out our map showing all Nevada brothels or see the full listing and descriptions here. Loading... 0/0 TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-9   TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-8 What's going on? LAS VEGAS ESCORTS If you're looking for Sin City babes while on business or vacation, NevadaBrothelFinder.com serves as your best source to find Las Vegas girls and Nevada escorts all through various Nevada brothels. You can use this website as a fast and easy way to locate Vegas ladies closest to you today. Get Started! . Top Rated Brothels NEVADA'S FINEST Looking for a hot Vegas woman or Nevada brothel and want to visit the best of the best? Well look no further as we complied not only a full, comprehensive list of all brothels in Nevada, but each brothel is ranked by both us and the customers. We also included a list of top notch Las Vegas girls for your choosing. Get Started! . More Than Just Hot Babes HAVE FUN While Nevada is home to several top rates brothels in the world, there are plenty of other things to do in Vegas and Nevada other than spend your time with Las Vegas babes of your dreams while on your trip. Las Vegas women are awesome and all, but check out what else there is to do in Las Vegas. Get Started! .   TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-11 TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-13 Looking for more? Please, contact us via our contact page or check out some Vegas Escorts today. facebook-ico twitter-ico rss-ico TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-18 Home Contact Blog FAQ About Terms of Service Privacy Policy Top Rated Brothels Search...   TPL_PORTLAND_POSITION_POSITION-20 Free Joomla 2.5 Extensions Joomla module Joomla Plugin
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=gfe|_|Browse A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # new Vote Favorites Store Cart English Arabic Azerbaijani Bengali Bulgarian Chinese Czech Danish Dutch English Filipino French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Help translate! Top Definition gfe Girl Friend Experience. Affection oriented escort. by jr May 10, 2003 2157 698 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt Add your own Random Word Trending Now Dog In A Bath Tub manterrupting Japanese Rain Goggles ass hash Clock Spider figging FLÜGGÅӘNKб€ČHIŒßØLĮÊN dense breast king hit HeForShe Can you define these popular missing words? dense breast 1-10 Female attractiveness scale), wamables toking up yqy sterobrys cory lind ppap Ppap f*ckening 2 gfe Like the others said, GFE=Girlfriend experience. In some situations, it also means that the prostitute/escort is willing to perform some services without condoms, akabarebacked, usually blowjobs(BBBJ). My friends said that getting blown without a jimmy by the incall girl was a bad idea. But she promised a GFE, and honestly, do you know anyone whod use a rubber to get blown by their girlfriend? Seriously. #prostitution #escorts #bbbj #incall #outcall #massage by gooberliberation January 31, 2006 1790 798 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 3 GFE Girl friend experience That prostitue made it feel like she was your girlfriend by Eaduja August 27, 2005 937 502 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 4 gfe escort relationship with more direct contact; acts like a girl friend that gfe gave an uncovered bj and then we did a complete 69 #pse #worth every penny #cheerleader emulation #hand job #uncovered bj by evan winter December 17, 2005 889 590 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 5 gfe Girl Friend Experience. A professional that kisses and cuddles her client and gives him intimacy like a girlfriend. A prostitute that enjoys her clients and lets them know it with kisses and not rushing. NOT a bbbj! I saw a pro for a gfe and she had the best kisses! #escort #incall #outcall #courtesan #tantric by Sweet K March 21, 2008 993 767 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 6 GFE Girl Friend Experience 1. Shows up and acts like she wants to be there. 2. Deep french kisses. 3. Bare Back Blow Job. 4. Stays and provides service for the full hour. If all four criteria are met the provider is known as a GFE. Jaime is an excellent $200 GFE in the South Florida escort market. That freaking agency said she was GFE but all I got was a lame CBJ, peck on the cheek,some doggy, and she left after 23 minutes. #girl friend experience #pse #porn star experience #bbbj #dfk #cbj by JohnIforgotmyname June 15, 2009 429 213 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 7 gfe Girlfriend Experience. The provider/escort will provide a girlfriend experience meaning she may do some are all of the following, further determining if she is a FULL GFE or Light GFE. Talking first then playing, Kissing, bbbj, dfk, letting the client go down on her, cuddling, no rush, no clock watching. Some GFE's do not like to kiss but will give a bbbj, this makes them a light GFE, vs. a FULL GFE will perform as well as RECIEVE! sepearating this from a PSE (pornstar experience) is that a PSE will not talk first like a girlfreind, they just get straight to the sex part, and Never use a condom. that is a PSE. #gfe #pse #girlfreind experience #true gfe #full gfe by escort agency owner April 23, 2009 306 220 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 1 2 3 Next › Last » Alphabetical List gfe gfed G-Fel gfemp G-fense GFEO GFETE gfeuo G fever GFF GFFA GFFB gffbffg gffffg GFFIOY gffl gffle gffu gffy gfg GFGB GFGC gfgf GFGI gfh gfhdsfhjgs gfhl GFHT gfi gfiadadwak GFIAFP GFID g fiddle G -fied UP g-fig GFILF gfilter GFILTH GFIM g-fine © 1999-2016 Urban Dictionary ® jobs   terms of service   privacy dmca   remove   help Free Daily Email Type your email address below to get our free Urban Word of the Day every morning! Emails are sent from daily@urbandictionary.com. We'll never spam you. ×
http://www.usatourist.com/english/destinations/nevada/lasvegas/las-vegas-sex.html|_|US English | Deutsch | Français | 日本語 Destinations Travel Tips Reservations US Culture US Adventures US Events US States US Cities US Parks Canada / Mexico Other Las Vegas Overview Attractions Shopping Transportation Weather Casinos on the Strip Casinos off the Strip Hotels without Casinos Tourist Map Las Vegas Tips Las Vegas Shows Las Vegas Exploration Sex in Las Vegas Las Vegas Trip Planner Las Vegas Weddings Nevada Overview Las Vegas Reno Hoover Dam and Lake Mead Valley of Fire State Park Destinations Overview US Cities US States US Parks Reservations Hotels Flights Vacations Rental Cars Check in Day Month Check out Day Month Search Check in Day Month Check out Day Month Search Different location? Pick up Day Month Drop off Day Month Search Round Trip One Way Multi City Depart Day Month Return Day Month Cabin Class Economy/Coach Premium Economy Business First Search Depart Day Month Cabin Class Economy/Coach Premium Economy Business First Search Flight 1 Depart Day Month Flight 2 Depart Day Month + Flight 3 Depart Day Month - + Flight 4 Depart Day Month - + Flight 5 Check-in Day Month - Cabin Class Economy/Coach Premium Economy Business First Search Sex in Las Vegas Since the early days when Las Vegas first became a gambling oasis in the Nevada desert, sex has played an important role in its entertainment scene. When Bugsy Siegel first opened his Tropicana Casino in this sleepy desert town, he featured beautiful female hostesses and lavish shows with scantily clad women. That formula is still prevalent in Las Vegas casinos today. © Mike Leco / USATourist.com Since the early days when Las Vegas first became a gambling oasis in the Nevada desert, sex has played an important role in its entertainment scene. At nearly every casino, beautiful cocktail waitresses dressed in ultra short skirts and low-cut tops float around the gaming parlors dispensing smiles and free drinks. The entertainment venues feature topless reviews and risqué entertainment. Just walking along the sidewalks of Las Vegas Boulevard, you pass numerous newspaper cabinets flashing revealing photos of female escorts and nude photo models. Street solicitors attempt to thrust flyers advertising sexual services into your hand. Las Vegas certainly gives the appearance of living up to its reputation as “sin city”. Prostitution is not legal in Las Vegas You may have heard that Nevada is the only state in the USA where prostitution is legal. That is correct; but prostitution is not legal everywhere in Nevada, and it is not legal in Las Vegas. That’s right! Prostitution is illegal in sin city. It is only legal in certain counties that have chosen to make it legal. Clark County Nevada and its principal city Las Vegas chose to not make prostitution legal. It is also illegal in Henderson, Laughlin and Boulder City. What about those female escorts, the nude models and the out-call girls that are advertised on flyers and in newspapers all over the city? Those advertisements enticingly suggest that you might purchase more than just companionship. They seem to suggest that sexual favors could be available. Be very careful! Every year, thousands of visitors to Las Vegas are robbed, cheated or assaulted by unscrupulous escorts or models. You are unlikely to seek protection from the police if you break the law by patronizing illegal prostitutes. © Mike Leco / USATourist.com If you are seeking legal prostitution in Nevada, you must drive at least sixty miles out of Las Vegas to find one of the state licensed brothels in Nye County. If you are seeking legal prostitution If you are seeking legal prostitution in Nevada, you must drive at least sixty miles out of Las Vegas to find one of the state licensed brothels in Nye County. The town of Pahrump, located 62 miles east of the city along route 160, is home to the Chicken Ranch and Sherri’s Ranch, two state licensed houses of prostitution. If you drive north on route 95 you will eventually pass near the Cherry Patch Ranch, Mabel’s Ranch, the Cottontail Ranch and a few other “ranches” featuring legal prostitution. There are several dozen more “ranches” in northern Nevada near Carson City and Reno. All of these licensed bordellos are regulated by the state of Nevada. Their employees must submit to frequent medical examinations. You can be assured that none of these establishments would engage in fraud, deception or any illegal activity that might risk them loss of their state license. How much does it cost? I can’t speak from personal experience, but I have heard that you must negotiate each transaction personally with the entertainer of your choice. Unless you have $300 to $500 minimum to spend, don’t bother going. Sexually oriented entertainment You can find plenty of erotic entertainment in Las Vegas. Many of the major casinos feature gala Las Vegas style shows that prominently feature scantily clad or semi-nude dancers and ribald entertainers. Typically, the adult reviews come in two versions. The early shows that begin around 8PM are usually more family oriented and reveal less naked flesh. The later productions that begin around 10PM typically feature topless dancers and show more nudity. There are plenty of strip tease clubs and bars featuring exotic dancers in Las Vegas. Most of them are located near the northern part of Las Vegas Boulevard between Sands Rd. and Sahara Ave. Some are located to the west of the I-15 throughway and a few are in the downtown area. They typically feature topless dancers and fully nude dancers plus personal lap dances. All of them charge an admission fee of around $20, but drinks, lap dances and gratuities are extra. Sex clubs In addition to the strip clubs, there are several gay and lesbian bars and clubs in Las Vegas. There are also some “swingers” clubs and a few other clubs catering to various erotic fetishes. The swingers clubs are establishments that provide a venue for sexual liaisons between couples and/or singles. They usually charge entry fees that are typically highest for unescorted males. In return, the swingers clubs provide an environment conducive to unrestrained sexual activity. The fetish clubs provide environments for the fulfillment of various non-traditional sexual activities. The tourism agency for Las Vegas has promoted a slogan, “What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas”. This implies that: in Las Vegas, you can engage in behaviors that you would not normally try at home and it will remain discrete. I suggest that you adopt the maxim: “Be careful!” Written by: Mike Leco Top Photo Credit: © Mike Leco / USATourist.com Photo Description: Bordello Signs Have a question? Post it on the USATourist Facebook Page. More Information Home | About Us | Site Map | Copyright | Privacy Policy | Advertising Info Copyright © 1998-2016 USATourist.com, LLC ® All Rights Reserved  
http://www.westword.com/news/glossary-of-prostitution-terms-5895660|_|NewsV Marijuana Politics Longform Daily Newsletter Weekly Newsletter MusicV Concert Reviews Profiles Concert Calendar Bars & Lounges Music Newsletter Food & DrinkV Denver Restaurant Guide Restaurant Reviews Bars & Lounges Food & Drink Newsletter Arts & CultureV Theater Geek Art Reviews Arts & Culture Newsletter CalendarV Submit an Event Concerts Things To Do Newsletter Film & TVV News & Interviews Film Reviews Showtimes Trailers Film & TV Newsletter Longform MarijuanaV Marijuana News Dispensaries Strains Laws Marijuana Newsletter Videos Slideshows Best Of Denver®V Best Of Newsletter PromotionsV Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Deals Classifieds Apps, About Us, Contact Us, Staff, Careers, Advertise, E-Edition, Privacy, Terms menu Glossary of Prostitution Terms How Sustainable Is Denver? Remember Me SIGN IN › Forgot Password? Or sign in with a social account: FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO! Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Connect. Discover. Share. Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all-access pass to everything local on events, music, restaurants, news and more. Enter your email or sign up with a social account to get started FACEBOOK TWITTER GOOGLE+ YAHOO! Privacy Policy SIGN UP › Already registered? Login › *Email *Username *Password Name *Zipcode DONE MVN Sign In › Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Facebook Twitter Follow @denverwestword Other Sean Cronin Glossary of Prostitution Terms Wednesday, November 7, 2007 at 11:36 a.m. By Sean Cronin A A Facebook - Twitter - More shares recommend reddit email - - Glendale Police have come to rely on the website Videovigilante.com for some of their more detailed intelligence on the flesh trade. Like this glossary of industry terms, which comes straight from the site: AMP = Asian Massage Parlor AAMP = Apartment Asian Massage Parlor. Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. ABC = american born chinese ABJ = american born japanese Agency = a company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of providers. AMP = Asian Massage Parlor analinus = licking anus Asian = analingus, oral sex to the anus Asian Cowgirl = girl on top, squatting ASP = Adult Service Provider, or alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup ASPD = Adult Service Provider Discussion ATF = All Time Favorite ATM = ass to mouth Aunt Flo = menstruation babyback = petite, young, attractive Asian bait and switch = person who shows up is a different one than advertised bareback = without condom BJ = blow job = oral sex = fellatio BBBJ = bare back blow job, oral sex without condom BBBJTC = bare back blow job to completion (in mouth) BBBJTCIM = bare back blow job to completion in mouth BBBJTCWS = bare back blow job to completion with swallow BBBJWF = bare back blow job with facial BBFS = bare back sex BBW = big beautiful woman BCD = Behind Closed Doors (as in private and discrete) BDSM = bondage, discipline, sado-masochism. BF = boy friend BFE = boy friend experience (Guy takes care of her desires as well) birdwatching = BBBJTCWS BLS = ball licking and sucking blue pill = Viagra butter face = everything looks good, but her face BTW = by the way cash and dash = ROB who takes the money and runs CBJ = covered blow job, oral sex with condom CC Rider = full service provider costing $200 or less CDS = covered doggy style CFS = covered full service, Sex with condom CG = cowgirl = girl on top facing you CH = Crazy Horse, SF Strip Club CIM = cum in mouth CL = craigslist.org CMD = carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde CMT = Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse. Cowgirl = CG = girl on top facing you cover = condom cups of coffee = releases DATY = dining at the y = cunnilingus, oral sex performed on a woman DDP = double digit penetration, kitty and anus Dodge = Mission Blvd, between A St and 14th St, in Hayward, CA Doggie = man behind girl, girl on hands and knees Doubles = A threesome with two girls and you DDE = doesn't do extras (PS only) DDG = drop dead gorgeous DFK = deep french kissing, open mouth with tongue DIY = do it yourself (masturbation) DT = deep throat ECR = el camino real EOM = end of message. No text in message body. facial = cumming on partner's face FBSM = full body sensual massage FIV = finger in vagina FKK = Frei Körper Kultur. German brothel / nudist club. FOB = fresh off the boat. Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US. FOV = finger outside vagina French = BJ, or oral sex in general French Kiss = Kissing with tongue insertion FS = full service = BJ + Sex Get Brain = blow job Get Comfortable = get completely naked GFE = girlfriend experience. (different variants of the definition but the basic definition includes: FS, BJ, DATY, not a clock watcher, could kiss - treats you like her Boy Friend) GG = Golden Gypsy. defunct Berkeley massage parlor GND = girl next door Greek = anal sex, back door GS = golden shower = urination play GSM = g-spot massage hardwood floors = clean shaven kitty Hat = condom HDH = high dollar hottie HJ = hand job = a manual / hand release HM = high mileage HME = honeymoon experience, lapdog heaven HWP = height and weight proportionate IMHO = in my humble opinion Incall = Meet the girl at her apartment or hotel room interpreter = condom Italian = penis rubbing between butt cheeks ISO = in search of Lapdog = person who worships providers to excess. LDL = low dollar looker (opposite of HDH) LE = law enforcement LK = light kissing, closed mouth LOS = land of smiles (Thailand) mamasan = female manager of a massage parlor MBOT = Mitchell Brothers O'Farrell Theatre, SF Strip Club MBR = multiple bell ringing = MSOG MILF = mom I'd like to f-ck Mish = missionary position, or the SF Mission District Missionary = man on top, girl on back mohawk = thin rectangular strip of pubic hair MP = massage parlor MP = multiple pops = multiple releases MSC = Market Street Cinema, SF Strip Club MSOG = multiple shots on goal = multiple releases NCT = New Century Theatre, SF Strip Club NQNS = Non Quitter Non Spitter (Provider term for guys who just never get there) NSA = no strings attached Outcall: Girl comes to your home or hotel room OWO = oral without condom OWOTC = oral without condom to completion papasan = male manager of a massage parlor party hat = condom PIV = penis in vagina PL = Pathetic Loser PO = phone operator PS = Private Show (Dance) PSE = Porn Star Experience (Opposite of GFE - professional attitude, clock watcher with perfect timing, but an incredibly good time. So good it would be like being in a porn movie and the business like attitude just wasn't a problem) PV = private viewing (Dancing, getting naked, some touching but not FS, CBJ or HJ) RA = relaxation assistant raincoat = condom RB = myredbook.com rimming = analingus RMP = Russian Massage Parlor ROB = Rip Off Bitch Reverse cowgirl = RCG = girl on top facing away Reverse massage = you massage her Roman shower = vomit play RPG = role playing games Russian = penis rubbing between breasts = Pearl Necklace = titty fuck SC = Strip Club SF = San Francisco shill = an insider posing as a satisfied customer SO = significant other SOG = shot on goal = one release SOMF = sat on my face south of the border = gential region southern france = BBBJ SP = Service Provider SPA = San Pablo Avenue in Oakland, CA spanish = ATM = ass to mouth spinner = very petite, thin girl STD = sexually transmitted disease stroll = path frequented by street walkers SW = street walker TAMP = Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor teabag = man squats and dips balls in partner's mouth TG = transgender TGTBT = too good to be true Tina = crystal meth TJ = Tijuana TL = Tenderloin district, San Francisco. between Van Ness Ave, Post St, Taylor St, and Golden Gate Ave tossing salad = analingus Troll = rude and hideous PL Trolling = Posting thinly disguised ads in a discussion forum TOFTT = Take one for the team. In reference to a new, non-reviewed provider. TS = transexual TUMA = tongue up my ass TV = transvestite WTF = What the fuck? XOXO = Kisses & Hugs YMMV = Your mileage may vary. Your service level could be different than reported by others. Applies to everyone, some more so than others. (Meaning each person may have an experience with an individual provider that is different than the person posting due to personalities and other intangible factors. Also has been used jokingly for "Your Money May Vanish" ) 1/2 and 1/2 = half and half = oral sex + full service 411 = seeking information 420 = 4:20 = marijuana 69 = two people giving each other oral sex at the same time How Sustainable Is Denver? NEXT   Contact: Sean Cronin Follow: Westword Westword News News Get the This Week's Top Stories Newsletter Every week we collect the latest news, music and arts stories — along with film and food reviews and the best things to do this week — so that you'll never miss Westword's biggest stories. GO Cancel Submit Comments In Case You Missed It Terrance Roberts Shot Down His Reputation and His Nonprofit — Can... Kyle Clark's I-Hate-Snowy-Patio-Photos Rant Ignored by 9News Mom Tries to Save Son From Death Penalty Even Though He Killed Her... Dear Stoner: Are Dispensaries Scanning IDs Now? Upcoming Events Crush Night Out Tickets Fri., Oct. 7, 6:00pm Sports Authority Field Parking: Denver Broncos Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Denver Broncos v Falcons HALF PRICE GAME Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Colorado Rapids vs. San Jose Earthquakes Tickets Thu., Oct. 13, 7:00pm Popular Stories Who Wants to Smoke Weed With Tommy Chong in Denver? The Ten Worst Parking Lots and Garages in Denver Burke Ramsey Sues CBS Expert for $150M Over JonBenet Murder... Why Free the Nipple Fort Collins Lawsuit Is About More Than... Sponsor Content ©2016 Denver Westword, LLC. All rights reserved. Newsletters All-access pass to the top stories, events and offers around town. Top Stories Send: Sign Up > Remind Me Later > No Thanks > Privacy Policy Newsletters All-access pass to top stories, events and offers around town. Sign Up > No Thanks! Remind Me Later >
http://www.wikihow.com/Be-an-Escort%27s-Favorite-Client|_|MESSAGES LOG IN Log in via Log In Remember me Forgot password? Create an account EXPLORE Community DashboardRandom ArticleAbout UsCategoriesRecent Changes HELP US Write an ArticleRequest a New ArticleAnswer a RequestMore Ideas... EDIT Edit this Article Home » Categories » Relationships » Dating » Getting a Date Article Edit Discuss Edit Article How to Be an Escort's Favorite Client Community Q&A Learn the correct conduct when dealing with an escort. What and what not to do if you want to be a great client. Steps 1 Wherever you find your escort, research her. Does she have a website, does she have ads going back at least 6 months, does she have reviews (although some escorts do not like being reviewed)? Google her name and phone number or email before contacting her. Also expect her to want to screen your for her own safety; be respectful and provide whatever info she requires. 2 Be on time, or call if you will be more than 10 minutes late. Unless you are giving notice of a time change well in advance, expect to pay for the time you missed. If your 60 minute date was supposed to start at 7 and you get there at 7:15, STILL LEAVE AT 8. Please respect the escort's time and schedule, and don't linger. Even if the escort genuinely enjoyed the time with you, it is annoying and awkward if you overstay. If you want more time, ask and if she says yes, expect to pay for it at the rate previously discussed. 3 Know what's on menu in advance and do not deviate from it. Escorts use code words like, CIM, greek, GFE, PSE... google these before you call or email. 4 Never ever discuss sexual acts or money in person. For your own safety! If it is a sting, they will try to get you to say what you are there for out loud. When in doubt, kiss the girl or ask her to get more comfortable. If she complies, green light! 5 Money first always! If you must refer to it at any time, call it a gift. Do not hand the money directly to her, set it down where she can see it, or wherever you were told to beforehand, (often by the sink in the bathroom). 6 Be nice, treat her like a lady, and be respectful. She is a real person, you don't need to be intimidated and you certainly shouldn't feel superior either. 7 Don't feel like you need to blow her mind sexually. While noble, and very sweet, she is there for you. Do not hold back at the beginning because you want to last for her, this often ends in not being able to finish at all. Which nobody wants. You can take care of her after if you enjoy that, but no pressure here either. 8 Try to read her cues. She is a real women with real likes and dislikes. Not everyone wants to be talked dirty to, or smash-cuddled post coitus. Some might love it though! 9 She will not be offended if you need to leave right after. Whether you need to get back to work, or just aren't into idle chit-chat and cuddling, do your thing. She will enjoy the extra down-time. If you have a genuine rapport or chemistry, or if you are just enjoying the company and a break from real life, then stay the whole time! She will be happy either way. 10 Tip! Always tip. No one care if it's $20 or $200, tip your escort. Unless she was terrible. Tipping lets the woman know that you liked her and that you appreciate her time and effort. This is especially important if you want to see the escort again. If you went for a twofer, then tip extra well! 11 Ask her if she would like to be reviewed. If yes, keep it simple, and do not fabricate. If you say she did something that she didn't, other clients may expect that same service in the future. 12 Always be clean!!! Very very clean. If you just came from work or whatever, take a quick shower at the location. You don't want to be known as the 'Smegma-Guy'. 13 That's it! Real advice from real escorts. 14 Bring wine or a gift. Escorts love this and you will go right to the front of the line, hopefully. Wine can help to get you both relaxed and comfortable, and is a good social lubricant when you have to make all the magic happen in an hour or two. You can ask in advance what she likes, and don't forget the glasses! Gift certificates are always a safe bet if you want to bring a gift, stores like Amazon, Victoria's Secret, Bath and Body, etc. If you know the escort well, you may want to give her more personalized gifts like lingerie, jewelry, and perfume. ****Super extra bonus points if you buy her drinks/take her to dinner first, (WHILE she is being compensated for her time at her usual rate). If you really enjoy her company and can afford to do this, this is the best way to make her feel special. Remember she is on the clock though, and do not ever ask her to meet for free. That is a line neither of you should cross. Community Q&A Ask a Question Submit Already answered Not a question Bad question Other If this question (or a similar one) is answered twice in this section, please click here to let us know. Tips Remember that sexual desire is part of human nature and nothing to be ashamed of. If you are older/have no time for dating/want to be discreet/or are socially awkward, there is no shame in seeing a beautiful girl and having it be a sure thing! It's just practical. A good escort takes care of herself, practices safely, vets clients, checks references, and gets tested frequently. Escorts are not dirty, unethical, slutty, addicted to drugs any other stereotype that people associate with us. They, like any other social group, have a range of personalities, preferences and vices. Escorts are regular people and chances are very high that you know women, (or men!), that are in the sex industry in one form or another. They often keep their professions very private because they can be judged harshly. Respect her personal life. If you give her your number, she will most likely not call you, and it has nothing to do with whether or not she 'really' likes you. She keeps her two worlds separate at all times. Always use protection! If you are looking for something specific, it is out there. Domination, humiliation, every fetish you could imagine. It may not be every escorts cup of tea, but if you look hard enough you will probably find it. Always tip extra if you request a special outfit, roleplay, fetish work, toys, etc. If your escort goes above and beyond, so should you. The dream client would tip well, leave early, finish fast, bring a gift, be a regular guy, be polite and respectful. That is just the real truth. Keep in mind though that that is a client that doesn't really exist and no one expects you to be him. It's more about you anyway, and professional escorts love to feel like they did a great job and left the guy with a smile and a lasting memory! Many genuinely like most of their clients and enjoy the job wholeheartedly. Like any group of client service providers, escorts have favorites, mehs, people they don't care for, and people they will refuse to see ever again. Independent girls can be fun too! Make sure they have great reviews and that they vet clients properly before seeing them, (you may feel uncomfortable giving out identifying information, but it is in everyone's best interest!). Agency vs. Independent: Agencies are great if you want to try a variety of girls. Repeat clients are often given special treatment and more consideration. Once you trust an agency, it takes a lot of the guesswork and fear out of the equation. A good agent can give you recommendations based on who you have enjoyed in the past. When you first meet your escort please take some time to talk to them before moving onto more intimate activities. When you first meet maybe give your escort a hug and kiss and ask them to make themselves more comfortable. Warnings Don't fall in love with your escort. Always remember that even though the relationship is mutually pleasurable, and you enjoy each other's company, it is first and foremost a professional relationship. It is her job to make you feel good, and that can easily be confused with romantic love. Don't be that guy. It makes everyone feel bad. Do not expect an escort to just roll with your fetish. If you have something even slightly out of the ordinary in mind, ASK. Ask before the date if at all possible and if not, then ask upon meeting her. Be safe. If a girl will go bareback with you, you better believe she has done it with every guy before you. And never ever try to sneak it in. It's really disrespectful, and will often get you blacklisted. We know that condoms suck. We wish they didn't. They are a necessary evil though. If you can't finish with a condom on, there are other ways to finish It is not the end of the world and it happens all the time+. I do recommend that you try a female condom and see if that feels better to you. If it seems fishy, leave politely. Don't be paranoid though. Do your homework, be cautious and you will be fine. Do not say, "You should be paying ME for this! Har har." Everyone uses that joke. Good luck and happy birthday! Things You'll Need Money Common sense EditRelated wikiHows How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette How to Use Proper Business Email Etiquette How to Be Fired Gracefully How to Deal with a Work Colleague Who Has Stinky Lunches How to Practice Business Etiquette in Italy How to Practice Business Etiquette in Russia How to Delegate Tasks and Empower Your Team Article Info Categories: Business Etiquette | Getting a Date In other languages: Português: ser o Cliente Favorito de uma Acompanhante, Español: ser el cliente favorito de una dama de compañía, Italiano: Diventare il Cliente Preferito di una Escort, Русский: быть любимым клиентом эскорта, Deutsch: Der Lieblingskunde einer Begleitdame sein Discuss Print Email Edit Send fan mail to authors Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 244,251 times. Did this article help you? Yes No   Can you please put wikiHow on the whitelist for your ad blocker? wikiHow relies on ad money to give you our free how-to guides. Learn how. Cookies make wikiHow better. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our cookie policy. About this wikiHow 617 reviews Click a star to vote Click a star to vote Thanks for voting! Co-authors: 15 Updated: Views: 244,251 "Never paid for an escort before but I'm really thinking about it. Just trying to make sure I don't do something stupid and make her scared and not want to be with me. This really helped."..." more - Jalen P. 91% of people told us that this article helped them. Quick Tips Related Articles How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette Home About wikiHow Jobs Terms of Use RSS Site map Log In Mobile view All text shared under a Creative Commons License. Powered by Mediawiki. Become an Author! Write an Article 136
https://maggiemcneill.wordpress.com/2010/09/07/830/|_|Home Introduction Index Subject Index (A and B) Subject Index (C and D) Subject Index (E and F) Subject Index (G and H) Subject Index (I and J) Subject Index (K and L) Subject Index (M and N) Subject Index (O and P) Subject Index (Q and R) Subject Index (S and T) Subject Index (U and V) Subject Index (W – Z) Resources Bibliography Filmography Musicography Questions Quotes La Libertine’s Salon Offsite Permanent Links Criticisms, Witticisms & Praise The Honest Courtesan Frank commentary from an unretired call girl Feeds: Posts Comments « The Biggest Whores All Shapes and Sizes » Terminology September 7, 2010 by Maggie McNeill “When I use a word,” Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone, “it means just what I choose it to mean — neither more nor less.” –  Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking Glass Like all subcultures, whores and our clients use specialized language to describe various aspects of our trade and the specialized activities we perform.  Most of these are just slang terms used to replace a long descriptive phrase (for example, “cowgirl” replaces the rather cumbersome “woman on top position”), but others were originally intended to allow discussion of suppressed activities when official busybodies might be eavesdropping (on phone or internet communications).  Of course, a secret shared is no secret at all, so once a term becomes common enough for a client to be relatively certain that it will mean something to an escort (or vice versa), they can also be sure the term is equally well-known to the cops.  Today I’d just like to give you a brief overview of a few of the more common terms used in and about our trade.  Many of these originated on the internet; some were first used among streetwalkers, while still others may be peculiar to New Orleans (which is the only place I ever worked). Around the World means oral stimulation of the man’s anus as well as his genitals; as one might expect, the percentage of working girls who will grant this particular request is fairly slim even in the lower echelons.  Even if one chooses to ignore the considerable hygeine issues, the chance of contracting hepatitis A or other diseases is in my considered opinion far too high to risk. BBBJ stands for “Bareback Blow Job”, in other words fellatio without a condom.  In the days immediately after the discovery of AIDS this was widely considered unsafe, and authorities encouraged people to use condoms even during oral sex.  Almost three decades of research, however, have failed to turn up even one single documented case of HIV transmission via oral sex, and the last figure I saw was 0.04% chance of infection due to blood seepage into an undetected mouth sore.  Since that’s roughly similar to the chance of being struck by lightning while walking in the rain, most call girls and escorts don’t worry about it much any more.  Hepatitis B is transmitted much as HIV is, though probably at a slightly higher chance.  Other venereal diseases (including venereal warts and herpes) can certainly be transmitted via oral sex, but since they have visible signs most of the risk can be avoided via careful visual inspection (as I’ve discussed before), copious salivation (which most men find visually stimulating anyhow) and disallowing ejaculation into one’s mouth.  The latter requires careful monitoring of the client’s progress; I always asked him to warn me but also assumed he would not because unfortunately a lot of men are complete assholes on this particular subject and will not give warning despite the increased risk to the girl. Cowgirl we’ve already discussed; the only reason I’m mentioning it here again is because many of my readers are probably unfamiliar with the terms for its variations, reverse cowgirl (woman on top, facing the man’s feet) and Asian cowgirl (as normal cowgirl but with one’s feet on the bed raising the whole body up and down rather than simply rocking back and forth). Deep Throat means taking a man’s penis all the way into one’s mouth.  With a little practice it isn’t difficult, and since it impresses the hell out of men it’s well worth learning.  The trick is to suppress the gag reflex; I suggest practicing on bananas.  Few men are long enough to actually go down one’s throat, and even those that are can be handled unless they are oddly-shaped (as I’ll discuss tomorrow). Donation is originally an internet term; it simply means “fee”, as in “how much is your donation?” Facial means ejaculation onto a woman’s face.  Men who like to do this really like it, but some girls won’t allow it.  Personally I was never bothered by it; it’s not difficult to keep one’s mouth and eyes shut, and since I was blessed with a clear complexion and lovely natural coloring I never needed to wear makeup in those days anyhow.  I could therefore simply have a warm, damp washcloth handy for initial cleanup and then wash my face completely afterward.  I can see how a girl who needs makeup would be averse to clients doing this, however, since it would necessitate a great deal more effort to restore her looks afterward than it did mine.  It also tends to get in one’s hair, but can be brushed out in the short term and thoroughly removed by shampoo later.  Amateurs who say “I would never let a man do that to me!” or “That’s so demeaning!” need to remember those statements when asking “Why does my husband hire whores when I give him plenty of sex?” Full service simply means intercourse, as opposed to just oral sex or masturbation (the latter being the specialty of Asian massage parlors). GFE means “Girl Friend Experience”; it’s a highly subjective term but generally means that the escort will cuddle, kiss, refrain from obvious clockwatching or otherwise make the experience seem much more natural and less mechanical.  A high percentage of call girls provide either “GFE” or its converse, the “PSE” (some men believe that the two are not mutually exclusive within a single call, but I beg to differ).  Of late, I have noticed a distressing tendency in internet venues to attempt to define a GFE by mechanistic criteria (such as whether the girl allows intrusive tongue kissing); IMHO this completely flies in the face of the very idea of a GFE, which is determined by how the girl makes the client feel rather than by a checklist. Greek means anal sex.  It isn’t commonly offered because one simply can’t trust a client to follow the instructions necessary to keep the experience from being painful, but there are always specialists who cater to customers who want it. Hobbyist is an internet term which means a client who sees escorts as a continuing hobby rather than as an occasional pleasure.  Hobbyists generally frequent internet boards dedicated to their hobby and share information with each other; some of them are excellent clients because they know what’s expected of them, never quibble about money, treat girls well and are scrupulous about keeping appointments.  Unfortunately, the rest of them enjoy the hobby itself more than the girls, and can be nasty and exploitative.  Sometimes the term is used in a broader sense to mean any client, but I think it’s more useful in the strict sense. John is a term used mostly by police, the media and others outside The Life for a customer, as in “John Doe” since they are anonymous.  The first recorded appearance of the term in print is from 1911, but it is unclear whether it originated among streetwalkers or started as an outsiders’ term from the beginning.  Since I have never associated with streetwalkers or worked anywhere but New Orleans I can’t speak for whether any working girls actually use the term, but what I can say is that I never heard one do so, not even once, not even as a joke.  I’ve heard “client”, “customer”, “date”, “patron” and even (once) “trick”, but never “john”.  I myself always preferred “gentleman”, not merely because it’s polite but also evokes Amanda Wingfield’s “gentleman callers” in my mind. MSOG means “Multiple Shots On Goal”, in other words the girl allows the man to have intercourse with her more than once if he can.  It’s an internet term, and I must admit I giggled when it was explained to me.  Many girls won’t allow it, which IMHO is rather stupid on their parts since this exists largely in the realm of male fantasy.  What I mean by that is, though a large percentage of men ask for it (by initials or otherwise), only a tiny percentage can actually accomplish it within the time allotted.  So there’s no harm in agreeing to this because most clients will be too spent after the first time even to attempt it again, and a gentle “but sweetie, if it took you 35 minutes the first time how do you expect to do it a second time in ten?” will take care of most of the rest.  And on those rare occasions where the client is both quick on the trigger and able to perform again, why not let him go twice?  It’s his hour, after all, and he paid good money for it. Pearl Necklace means ejaculation onto a woman’s tits.  This can turn into an unplanned facial if the man ejaculates energetically enough. Popped means the same as “busted”, i.e. arrested. Protection simply means condoms.  A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”). Provider is a neutral internet term for an escort, as in “provider of services”. I don’t much care for this one, as it always reminds me of “The Providers”, those disembodied brains who once abducted Captain Kirk. PSE stands for “Porn Star Experience”.  This is slightly less subjective than its converse “GFE”, and refers to a very energetic escort who is adept at visually impressive stunts like deep throat and accepting of facials and other such porn-movie staples. Russian is holding one’s tits together so a man can rub himself between them; obviously, it’s only possible with rather large tits. Trick is old slang for a session with a client (as in “turn a trick”) or sometimes even a client himself.  It first appeared in print around the same time as “John”, and is still used today among streetwalkers and lower-class escorts in some areas (including New Orleans).  Higher-class girls generally prefer “date” or “call”, and I’ve also heard “job” or “deal”; working girls with musical backgrounds sometimes use “gig”. Troublemakers is the term I preferred for the nasty, sadistic busybodies referred to by others as pigs, liars, busybodies, blue boys, heat, LE and a number of other things…in other words, cops, the single greatest threat to any hooker’s health, safety and livelihood. So, there’s a quick explanation of a very few terms; there are plenty of others, but these are most of the common ones which sprang immediately to mind (though I wouldn’t be surprised if I overlooked a really obvious term or two).  As I said above, these are the ones I know from the internet and New Orleans; to list every one from around the world would probably fill a slim dictionary. Share this: Share Email Facebook Print Twitter Reddit Google Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in Call types, Perception | Tagged anal sex, condoms, cops, disease, ethics, GFE, imaginative fiction, masturbation, oral sex, semen, streetwalkers, Terminology, tits | 21 Comments 21 Responses on September 7, 2010 at 12:38 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom I’ve heard that when teenagers first started describing their get-togethers as “dates” parents freaked out, because up to that time ONLY prostitutes called time spent with a man a “date.” One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. on September 7, 2010 at 1:11 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. Yes, I know that one; I believe it’s of British origin. on September 7, 2010 at 3:21 pm | Reply ant what about half n half, snoball, and blacktoppingk? on September 7, 2010 at 4:03 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill “Half and half” (oral sex followed by intercourse) is only used by streetwalkers, massage parlor girls and other low-end whores who charge by the act rather than by the time period; I’ve never heard it used by an escort. “Snoball” or “snowball” (receiving a man’s ejaculate in one’s mouth, then kissing him and spitting it into his mouth) is a modern “urban” slang term which I suppose might be used about a really skanky, hostile, low-end whore with no concept of personal safety, but certainly isn’t used in the business except perhaps among gay escorts, with whom I’ve never had much contact. And I don’t know the term “blacktopping”, though I have a guess about it; if you choose to explain it, do try to be clinical! on September 7, 2010 at 4:08 pm | Reply ant Heard it on howard stern, so there’s no way i could describe it clinically😉 on September 7, 2010 at 4:35 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill Radio DJ terms are often not real slang; they’re things the DJ comes up with to get around censorship laws (though now that Stern is on Sirius he needn’t worry about that any longer). For example, my husband used to listen to Tom Leykis’ show on occasion and they habitually used the term “hummer” to mean “blow job”. If you wish you can send me the description in an email and I’ll try to rephrase it in as clinical a fashion as I can manage. on September 7, 2010 at 10:15 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Teabagging is something a woman can’t do to a man; dirty sanchez is too disgusting to contemplate; rusty trombone has some similarities to ’round the world; and I’m sure we all know what 69 means (but what about 96?). I’m sure that new terms will spring into being when space tourism gets going and people start joining the 100 Mile High Club. “Baby, do you do the X/Y dodec?” on September 7, 2010 at 11:15 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill With the exception of 69, though, I’ve never heard of a guy specifically requesting any of that stuff from a whore.😦 on September 8, 2010 at 8:36 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom Perhaps that’s just as well. On a totally different note, my cute friend has informed me that “Creole” describes her quite well. She’s Creole and then some. Really exotic and cutesy. It’s too bad she’s so asexual; she’d make a fortune. As you say: it isn’t for everybody. on September 8, 2010 at 8:44 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I’ve known quite a few Creoles, and they are often quite beautiful. Unfortunately, they have largely vanished as an ethic group since most now identify as black. Two of the recent mayors of New Orleans were Creole; both called themselves “white” on their Army enlistment papers but “black” when running for office in a majority-black city, and both married black women. To be sure mixed-race marriages are producing children who would’ve been called Creole in the old days, but they aren’t raised in that subculture. on December 27, 2010 at 5:28 am | Reply Asehpe I’m certainly in favor of making dictionaries, since it’s an important part of my day job. The etymology of these terms (usually metaphors or metonymies) is mostly obvious, but one of them stands out: the ‘Russian’. What gives? ‘Greek’ for anal sex is more or less obvious (via Ancient Greek’s surprisingly high level of acceptance of homosexuals, who suggest sodomy to a Westerner’s mind); but ‘Russian’? (I knew that practice from porn as ‘tit-fucking’; is Russian an euphemism? Does it imply Russian women have large breasts? My wife is Russian, and she doesn’t have large breasts…) on December 27, 2010 at 8:31 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I suspect it does derive from the stereotype of big-titted Russian women. I heard the term for the first time less than ten years ago; when I was in my teens the guy I knew used to refer to it as a “Dutch oven”. on January 1, 2011 at 1:10 am | Reply Jack Parsons The “Venture Brothers” cartoon includes this dialogue: “Prostitute: Okay big fella, you first. I charge you ten bucks for the Gilded Lily, twenty for the Roman Holiday, fifty for The Old Walrus ‘n’ Carpenter,and for seventy-five you can Sleigh Ride Down Kilimanjaro.” These terms were made up to mollify the network. Two previous batches of bogus terms were rejected. And something allegedly genuine: Oh, the French girls with their strings of pearls Think it’s such a burning shame That the local boys with their country joys Never make them daisy chains. They’re swapping disappointing incidents While at the dock another ship pulls in And suddenly the door breaks down (Hourah!) It’s the Seven Deadly Finns! Oh soldiers and sailors Have all been there before: Gigolos and governments Have tumbled through that door. Because they need those French girls With all their kiss-curls And powder in their guns And the Seven Finns with the deadly grins Tend to measure beauty in tons! The first is a freak with a masochistic streak And the second is a kitten up a tree The third is a flirt with an awful print skirt And the fourth is pretending to be me The fifth wears a mac and never turns his back And the sixth never shows his eyes But the Seventh Deadly Finn is so tall and slim, He shouldanever been with those guys. Although variety is the spice of life, A steady rhythm is the source Simplicity is the crucial thing Systemically of course (work it on out like Norbert Weiner) So when those French Girls say to you “Would you like your ashes raked?” You’ll have to take their word for it: It’s the only thing to take… (Yodelling chorus) —————————- http://music.hyperreal.org/artists/brian_eno/7deadly.html (Norbert Wiener was an MIT professor. Brian Eno is Bjork’s predecessor as the smartest and weirdest pop musician.) on January 1, 2011 at 8:26 am | Reply Maggie McNeill That sounds like a sea chanty; my husband has a CD collection of many such bawdy songs.🙂 on September 8, 2011 at 11:16 pm | Reply c andrew Hi Maggie, Speaking of Sea Chanties, here is a modern version. I looked for the original which was a capella, but this is the closest facsimile I could find. You’ll have to forgive the animation and concentrate on the audio. on September 8, 2011 at 11:21 pm | Reply c andrew Looks like I was, ahem, a bit premature in the last post. Here’s the a capella version. on September 9, 2011 at 12:41 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom That was an AAARRRRR-rated song! on September 9, 2011 at 7:11 pm | Reply c andrew I think you AAAARRRRRight there!😉 on September 7, 2011 at 2:01 pm | Reply Rapid ‘Protection simply means condoms. A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”).’ I know a lady who refers to condoms as “condiments”. on November 5, 2011 at 2:43 am | Reply Ornithorhynchus I’ve been hearing jokes on TV about hookers offering ‘Around The World’ since the ’80s, but I never knew what it meant until now. Now if I can only find out what the ‘Lioness On The Cheese-grader’ is. on October 7, 2016 at 4:25 am | Reply Marion Dupree I don’t know about sea shanties about semen..HAR HAR, but awhile back I wrote this: (Hope you enjoy)… Samantha’s Story Unpublished Work, All rights reserved, Copyright © 2010 Written by (Name withheld) Samantha made a living In ways I’m sure you’ll guess And no amount of L.E threats Could convince her to confess The sordid truths and dark desires Her “patrons” would lay bare She would place deep inside her vault (They knew she’d keep them there) These trusting few — these tortured souls They’d found their rapture’s niche She fiercely filled their craven lusts Like panthers on a leash Mercy came to those who cried (But, only if she chose)! The “pain” she gave brought much delight With relentless, stinging blows And then, of course There were her “pets” These meek, they liked to play They’d lick up all she served to them Like liver on a tray Oscar liked his nipples clamped And Fred got off on pies And Larry loved his asshole rammed With cocks of every size And April, she would cum for days If her clit was roughly tweaked And Peter lapped up Samantha’s pee When down her leg it leaked Best of all there were the twins A wild, perverted pair Who loved to singe their private parts While other people stared To lick on toes, or suck a cock Seemed dry to her as toast But stick a jar up some chick’s twat? Who could want a better host? The raunchier, the saucier The more depraved the act Would only fuel her fire for more Joy they would transact. As legend goes, Samantha kept A few lovers for herself For she loved them each Like precious gems Placed high atop a shelf “I’ll shine you up.” She purrs to one “And you – I’ll hose you down.” And “Hands against the wall, my pet – Don’t dare to make a sound!” Lustfully, they all complied To each cruel command she gave They lapped between her thighs when asked – And never misbehaved. “Good pets,” she’d coo, and stroke their heads, “It’s time I take my leave” They’d moan and groan, But knew all too well The rewards they’d soon receive. With shackles on and collars latched She locked them all up tight Leaving them alone in fear As day turned into night. Time crept by and her precious few Were restless, scared and hot But, just then – the door squeaked ajar- And Samantha showed them what she’d bought. “Hello, my pets, did you miss me?” Her voice soothed their throbbing aches “I brought you each a brand new toy, Let’s see the mess we make!” And so it went As it often does She got the best of each She rode them hard, she rode them long For she had so much to teach! And so ends this tale At least for now Of Samantha’s lusty lair So now you know And I’d lay odds – That you wish That you lived there! ‡ Comments RSS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Ways to buy my book This Month September 2010 S M T W T F S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Old Posts Old Posts Select Month October 2016  (7) September 2016  (30) August 2016  (31) July 2016  (31) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (31) February 2016  (29) January 2016  (31) December 2015  (31) November 2015  (30) October 2015  (31) September 2015  (30) August 2015  (31) July 2015  (31) June 2015  (30) May 2015  (31) April 2015  (30) March 2015  (31) February 2015  (28) January 2015  (31) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (30) October 2014  (31) September 2014  (30) August 2014  (31) July 2014  (31) June 2014  (30) May 2014  (31) April 2014  (30) March 2014  (31) February 2014  (28) January 2014  (31) December 2013  (31) November 2013  (30) October 2013  (31) September 2013  (30) August 2013  (31) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (31) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (31) February 2013  (28) January 2013  (31) December 2012  (31) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (31) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (31) July 2012  (31) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (31) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (31) February 2012  (29) January 2012  (31) December 2011  (31) November 2011  (30) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (30) August 2011  (31) July 2011  (31) June 2011  (30) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (31) February 2011  (28) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (30) October 2010  (31) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (31) July 2010  (22) Call me Enter your email address to follow "The Honest Courtesan"; you'll be notified by email whenever Maggie posts something new. Become a Blog Patron If you want to donate but don't want a recurring charge, you can send any amount you like via PayPal to my email address (see below). Be sure to include a note so I can thank you! Contact Maggie If you'd like to ask me a question, click here. If you made a comment and it doesn't appear within a few hours, click on this one. If you'd like to alert me to an interesting item, use this one. And if you have a request, bouquet or brickbat or just want to introduce yourself, this is the one for you. A Few References Ad Scortum Advice for Clients Frequently Told Lies Guided Tour Handy Figures House Rules King of the Hill Maggie's Amazon Wishlist Safety in Numbers Where's My Comment? Friends of Whores Amazing Women Rock An Anthology of English Pros Cliterati Econjeff Feminist Ire Judgy Bitch Literate Perversions Marijke Vonk Narco Polo Nobody's Business Paper Bird Popehat Radley Balko RTFTLC Sarah Woolley Sex and the State Simple Justice Stanley Siegel Talk Geek to Me The Naked Anthropologist Windy Pundit Organizations & Allies Desiree Alliance ESPLERP FIRST International Prostitutes Collective International Sex Worker Foundation for Art, Culture and Education International Union of Sex Workers Naughty New Orleans Network North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition Prostitutes' Education Network Sex Work Activists, Allies and You Sex Worker Open University Sex Workers Outreach Project Sex Workers Without Borders St. James Infirmary SWOP-NOLA Touching Base Women With a Vision Resources Decriminalization Success in New Zealand Dr. Brooke Magnanti on "How To Blog Anonymously" Legal Status of Prostitution by Country Logical Fallacies Loose Women or Lost Women? Sex Trafficking: The Abolitionist Fallacy Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work The Mythology of Prostitution The Philosophy of Liberty Third Wave Foundation's Pro-Sex Work Statement World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights Whorish Media After Hours Bound, Not Gagged Brooke Magnanti was a Sex Worker! Castrating Bitch Girl Furry Girl's Feminisn't Harlot's Parlour Kelly James vs. the TSA La Libertine's Salon Open Source Sex Post-Whore America Sina More Stuff Sex Workers Eat The Honest Catesan The Sex Myth The Time Waster Tits and Sass Vixen for Hire Maggie on TwitterMy Tweets Boring but necessary legal stuff All original content on this website (i.e. all of my columns, pages and anything else which I write myself) is protected under international copyright law as of the time it is posted; though you may link to it as you please or quote passages (as long as you attribute the quote to me), please do not reproduce whole columns without my express written permission. In other words, you have to say "pretty please with sugar on top" first, and then wait for me to say "okey-dokey". Blog at WordPress.com. WPThemes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
https://maggiemcneill.wordpress.com/2011/09/07/more-terminology/|_|Home Introduction Index Subject Index (A and B) Subject Index (C and D) Subject Index (E and F) Subject Index (G and H) Subject Index (I and J) Subject Index (K and L) Subject Index (M and N) Subject Index (O and P) Subject Index (Q and R) Subject Index (S and T) Subject Index (U and V) Subject Index (W – Z) Resources Bibliography Filmography Musicography Questions Quotes La Libertine’s Salon Offsite Permanent Links Criticisms, Witticisms & Praise The Honest Courtesan Frank commentary from an unretired call girl Feeds: Posts Comments « To Spite Their Faces They Speak for Themselves » More Terminology September 7, 2011 by Maggie McNeill We cannot even reproduce our thoughts entirely in words.  –  Friedrich Nietzsche My column of one year ago today, “Terminology”, was a glossary of terms used by whores and clients; many of them come from the escort review sites which have become very popular on the internet in the past decade.  Today I’d like to look at a few more such terms, including some that I’ve only learned since my first column on the subject; many of these are acronyms used by internet “hobbyists” in reviews, so I simply never encountered them until I started reading more about review sites and corresponding with internet independents. BCD:  Behind Closed Doors.  This refers to the portion of a date which is spent in the bedroom, i.e. the sexual portion of a session.  It is thus used as a collective reference to sex acts (“BCD activities”) or by girls referring to special “meet over coffee” type deals (“no BCD time”). BFE:  Boy Friend Experience.  It is obviously built on the pattern of “Girl Friend Experience”, which I defined in my previous column; a client might be described as a “BFE” if he’s very nice and easy to deal with, avoids being pushy or demanding, doesn’t haggle and tries to make the date pleasant for the escort by booking multiple hours, taking her to dinner and/or giving her a gift, carrying on an interesting conversation, etc. CIM:  Cum In Mouth.  The use of “cum” to mean “semen” is an American vulgarism dating to the 1920s, and the extension of the vulgar spelling to the verb “come” (which has been colloquially used to mean “have an orgasm” since at least the late Middle Ages, just as the equivalent verb is used in other European languages) is more recent still, dating to perhaps the 1960s.  I don’t think I need to tell any female reader how much ejaculating into a woman’s mouth excites most men, but in the post-HIV world very few whores would allow this.  Unfortunately, as I discussed in my column of February 28th, …in the last decade as escort review sites became steadily more common, many escorts wanted something which would set them apart from the competition.  But the trend really took off just over two years ago when the economy went belly-up; a lot of part-timers lost their regular jobs and therefore needed to bring in more money from hooking, and a lot of amateurs who had never before directly asked for cash flooded into Craigslist and Backpage.  The amateurs had no sense of appropriate professional conduct and the part-timers were desperate to make up the difference from their lost jobs, and so they started to offer things which, while not extremely dangerous like unprotected intercourse, were nonetheless more personal and “edgy” than what had been the norm even as recently as 2007.  And once that happened even many full-time professional escorts were forced to change their policies in order to remain competitive. Though most escorts who allow this still spit or dribble afterward, there are some who offer “BBBJTCNQNS”, which means “bare back blow job to completion, no quittin’, no spittin’”, which I personally consider most unwise. DFK:  Deep French Kissing.  Yes, we didn’t used to allow kissing, either; see the entry for CIM above. DNS:  Do Not See.  Most often used in the formulation “DNS List”, a personal list of men an escort refuses to see because of personal experience, warnings from other girls or statements the listee has made on review boards:  “Any man with an attitude like that goes straight onto my DNS list.” FBSM:  Full-Body Sensual Massage, a combination of therapeutic massage with sensual touching.  See also levels of massage. FIV:  Fingers In Vagina, an activity which I’m far from alone in disliking intensely, though some girls do allow it. LEO:  Law Enforcement Officer, i.e. a vice pig.  Sometimes “Uncle Leo”. Levels (of massage):  A Level 1 (L1) massage is massage with a “happy ending” (i.e. hand job).  Level 2 (L2) massage includes a blow job, and Level 3 (L3) is full service. Lurker:  A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them.  Most of these are the good sort of hobbyists, unlike the bad ones who use their experience and that of others to learn how to cheat, manipulate and intimidate inexperienced escorts. Manmades:  Augmented tits, often abbreviated MMs:  “Maggie has a spectacular set of manmades”. NBA:  No Blacks Allowed.  Escorts with NBA policies will not see black clients for reasons I already discussed at length in my column for September 18th of last year. NCNS:  No Call, No Show.  A client who neither showed for his appointment nor called to cancel; a deadbeat. Nuru massage:  This is not “massage” in the normal sense, but rather consists of the masseuse erotically sliding her naked body up and down against that of her client with the assistance of nuru gel, an odorless, tasteless, colorless and extremely slippery gel made from nori seaweed.  The gel does not dry up and so must be washed off with soap and water; nuru massage thus always ends with a bath or shower.  Nuru massage originated in Japanese bathhouses, or “soaplands”. Outing:  Publicizing the real name of a client or escort, usually to that person’s family; it is considered one of the most reprehensible actions of which someone is capable and will usually result in the total ostracism of the offender. Roses:  A rather silly slang term for “dollars” used in the advertising of inexperienced low-end escorts:  “I expect a donation of 150 roses”. Spinner:  A very thin, petite escort, so called because of the joke that a man can “pick her up and spin her around” while she’s doing cowgirl. Time waster:  A man who has no real intention of paying for an appointment.  Some of them are lonely and just looking for conversation, and others might like to see a girl but are too nervous or frightened to follow through, but most are just cheapskates trying to get free wanking material. TOFTT:  Take One For The Team.  This refers to a hobbyist taking the risk of seeing an unreviewed girl in order to report back to his friends about her. YMMV:  Your Mileage May Vary.  This phrase, borrowed from American automobile advertising, refers to an escort whose performance varies considerably from client to client depending on how she reacts to each individual. Share this: Share Email Facebook Print Twitter Reddit Google Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in Call types, Miscellaneous, Perception | Tagged Backpage, bad customers, brothels, condoms, cops, Craigslist, East Asia, escort review sites, GFE, Japan, massage, semen, sisterhood, Terminology, tits | 34 Comments 34 Responses on September 7, 2011 at 1:16 pm | Reply Marla LEO: Law Enforcement Officer, i.e. a vice pig. Sometimes “Uncle Leo”. Uncle Leo – this reminds me of Seinfeld’s Uncle Leo. I wonder if the term is a reference to that character? Lurker: A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them. These are the good sort of hobbyists… Why are Lurkers more likely to be the good sort of hobbyist than the ones who post on escort boards? on September 7, 2011 at 3:51 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill Independent escorts who post frequently on escort boards could probably explain it better, but the basic issue is that many (though by no means all) of the guys who post frequently on escort boards are prone to looking for “deals”, haggling, sharing ways to scam escorts with each other, trying to bully inexperienced girls into giving them freebies or cut rates in exchange for good reviews, threatening them with bad reviews, or generally playing pimp. Lurkers are the guys who are busy with real life and/or turned off by the locker-room behavior of many of the more board-active hobbyists, and thus only use the boards for information. on September 7, 2011 at 5:55 pm | Reply krulac “Lurker” here … and I agree with you 100 percent. I don’t even think that the escort reviews can be relied upon in most cases. I tend to think that a guy who’s an asshole on the internet is going to be an asshole with a girl – and so that may negatively impact his experience with that girl. I’ve noticed, a few “hobbyists” that are very pleasant natured and very civil to others on those escort forums tend to have a high number of glowing reviews and speak very favorably of girls personally. On those occasions where they have bad experiences – they tend to blow it off by saying the girl is probably very good under most circumstances, but their experience wasn’t thrilling this one time. Even in a bad experience – they’ll find a way to compliment the girl on her looks, or her personality – or some other positive trait she possessed. NBA’s – many escorts in Europe have that policy too – some go farther with an exclusion against Arabs also. on September 7, 2011 at 6:57 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Kama of Kingston had a “No Republicans” policy. If you voted for Bush, she didn’t want you. Had to do with foreign policy, India in particular. I have no idea how she feels about Obama, I don’t know much about him and India, and because her website is gone. She may have another, idk. on September 7, 2011 at 7:00 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill If she was adamant about that, I’m not at all surprised she’s out of business. on September 8, 2011 at 12:18 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom I have to wonder how you enforce such a thing. You don’t get tattooed with R, D, I, or whatever when you vote. Which means she wasn’t having sex with honest Republicans. Ones who lie could still get some. She was also picky about shaving. I was able to find an interview with her, but I think it’s from a few years back. on September 8, 2011 at 9:26 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Exactly. And it would be a ridiculous basis on which to exclude customers even if one could tell; if I had avoided every client whom I thought to be stupid, misguided or guilty of poor judgment I would’ve been a destitute prostitute. on September 7, 2011 at 11:23 pm | Reply Beste Sure some punters do exactly as you describe. But the bullshit/scams goes the other way as well. eg fake positive reviews, false advertising etc on September 8, 2011 at 12:11 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Oh, dear, I would have hoped you had noticed by now that I’m always fair; my column on bad girls was over a year ago now, last August 24th. on September 7, 2011 at 1:51 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Uncle Leo is that bad uncle you don’t want your parents to let babysit you. Unless he works in the space program, of course. Uncle Low Earth Orbit is a good guy. on September 8, 2011 at 9:27 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Maybe, but he’s such a drag. on September 8, 2011 at 12:31 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom {groan}😉 on September 7, 2011 at 5:40 pm | Reply c99 In canada we have a few more that are used in ads. MSOG = multiple shots on goal. Which means you can go as many times as you can in the time period. Very standard here for 1 hr appointments not 30 mins or 15 mins which some offer incall. LFK is light french kissing. on September 7, 2011 at 5:46 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill MSOG and a number of other terms were covered in the previous column. And I’m not saying CIM is “new”, what I’m saying is that most high-end escorts in the United States used to avoid it in the ’80s and ’90s but have recently begun to offer it again. on September 7, 2011 at 6:22 pm | Reply krulac But, in reality – is “CIM” any more dangerous than “BBBJ”? Men always dribble a bit before they shoot. on September 7, 2011 at 6:59 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill It all depends on what the girl’s doing while performing. Speaking only for myself, I absolutely never let anything go any farther than my mouth. on September 8, 2011 at 11:42 pm | Reply JJ Lol is your husband fine with that? on September 9, 2011 at 12:05 am | Reply Maggie McNeill That was past tense, love, and I was speaking of professional interactions rather than personal ones. You may rest assured that my husband has no complaints.😉 on September 9, 2011 at 5:24 am | Reply JJ Lol your husband is a lucky man. Wish I got a chance to see. U b4 u retired😦 on September 9, 2011 at 8:39 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Thank you, JJ!🙂 on September 7, 2011 at 5:42 pm | Reply c99 I dont think CIM is new. In NYC it was very standard for years. on September 8, 2011 at 12:24 am | Reply n/a How many confirmed cases of HIV derive from heterosexual unprotected oral sex? For either party to the act. on September 8, 2011 at 9:29 am | Reply Maggie McNeill None. But there are serious diseases other than HIV. on September 8, 2011 at 12:37 am | Reply Ornithorhynchus So what percentage of hookers do kissing nowadays (if you even know)? I can still remember the first time I heard (from Phil Donohue) that most hookers refused to kiss. I was utterly shocked, and to this day I still find it hard to believe that one could get many customers with such a policy. I would think that kissing would be one of the most important parts of the experience. Maybe I’m a little weird, though. on September 8, 2011 at 9:36 am | Reply Maggie McNeill All that advertise as GFE, which is certainly over half. And you’re totally wrong about the avoidance of kissing being a big problem; there’s a vast difference between announcing “I don’t kiss” and simply avoiding it. I kissed only clients I really liked, and even then I’m not really much of a kisser, yet I was the most popular escort in New Orleans for years. A friend of mine who is an internet independent tells me she largely avoids kissing, yet has plenty of regulars and “DFK” appears in all her reviews. on September 8, 2011 at 8:18 am | Reply bdevereaux On posters versus lurkers: Some posters tend to be chest beating, cock swinging, narcissists wanting to show off to the other guys. What many don’t realize is we read the posts and will “DNS” a guy based off of what they say on the boards (for the reason stated above by krulac). To add a few more terms if I may: TGTBT – Too good to be true. If you see an ad (usually on sites like backpage) of some hot looking young thing that could be a supermodel in Brazil, it’s usually TGTBT and it’s either a sting or a bait and switch. GPS – Golden Pussy Syndrome. Usually complained about by guys who really want to see her but consider her overpriced for their budget. Therefore they accuse her of GPS, saying that she has priced herself too expensive. SDS – (this is a term I made up) Special Dick Syndrome. A guy that thinks he is so great he deserves a discount or that any rules you may have don’t apply to him. on September 8, 2011 at 9:40 am | Reply Maggie McNeill LOL, in New Orleans our term for what you call “GPS” was “platinum pussy syndrome”; I mentioned it in my column of last August 24th. As for the last one there, I used to take pleasure in popping the balloons of (usually young) pompous guys who said stupid things like “I’m young and good-looking, do I get a discount?” by responding with something like, “Oh, you’re young? We charge more for guys under 30 because they’re much more difficult to deal with.” We didn’t really, but I enjoyed hearing them backpedal. on September 10, 2011 at 8:00 am | Reply FlectiNonFrangi Lurker: A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them. These are the good sort of hobbyists… The forums are my Facebook. I don’t want to see pictures of or hear stories of peoples grandchildren. We have a lot of good natured kidding on ECCIE. To think that I am thought of in a negative light because I enjoy posting is really not fair. on September 10, 2011 at 8:48 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I certainly didn’t mean to imply that all the clients who post are bad ones; in fact you might look at my original definition of “hobbyist” from one year ago today, which points out that many hobbyists are among the best of clients! I merely meant that a certain group of those who post frequently are dedicated to bad behavior, and that the lurkers are usually outside of that. It is true, however, that I’ve heard many escorts make blanket negative statements about hobbyists, so perhaps those like yourself who are concerned about being included in that should make an effort to rein in those who engage in the odious behaviors. on August 2, 2013 at 4:00 pm | Reply MadisonElegant i wonder why kissing is so important to men… hell they can’t even do it right… i do not mind but some guys kiss like it is their first time in the back seat of the car,,, way too aggressive can’t control their tongue and then half of them want to stick it in your throat… get a grip on August 2, 2013 at 11:57 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom A lot of women complain, outside of their hearing, that the men in their lives are bad at this, that, or the other thing. Inside of his hearing they tell their men that they are sexual supermen. So why do you THINK men don’t improve their technique? If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it, and we’ve all been told by the one person who should know that it ain’t broke. on February 3, 2015 at 10:40 pm | Reply NightMoves I took up the new hobby about 6 months ago. I am in my 60’s and my wife closed up shop about ten years ago. Prior to that, I was monogamous. Three ladies into my experience, I am delighted and feel so much better about myself. I always make sure I am welcomed back, through a respectful demeanor and gifts. I am lucky to have met them! Also, your deciphering the various acronyms is VERY helpful! on August 28, 2015 at 8:13 pm | Reply dave ROSES, this used to mean $50, because a $50 bill is red. This was standard pre-internet language in classified ads in papers, you could not mention money in any way, so rates were always quoted as a number of roses. This recent use resurgence of roses to mean dollars is very silly. on March 11, 2016 at 6:05 pm | Reply Sarg@Arms Only in Canada, Dave! Only in Canada! Comments RSS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Ways to buy my book This Month September 2011 S M T W T F S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Old Posts Old Posts Select Month October 2016  (7) September 2016  (30) August 2016  (31) July 2016  (31) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (31) February 2016  (29) January 2016  (31) December 2015  (31) November 2015  (30) October 2015  (31) September 2015  (30) August 2015  (31) July 2015  (31) June 2015  (30) May 2015  (31) April 2015  (30) March 2015  (31) February 2015  (28) January 2015  (31) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (30) October 2014  (31) September 2014  (30) August 2014  (31) July 2014  (31) June 2014  (30) May 2014  (31) April 2014  (30) March 2014  (31) February 2014  (28) January 2014  (31) December 2013  (31) November 2013  (30) October 2013  (31) September 2013  (30) August 2013  (31) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (31) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (31) February 2013  (28) January 2013  (31) December 2012  (31) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (31) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (31) July 2012  (31) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (31) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (31) February 2012  (29) January 2012  (31) December 2011  (31) November 2011  (30) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (30) August 2011  (31) July 2011  (31) June 2011  (30) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (31) February 2011  (28) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (30) October 2010  (31) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (31) July 2010  (22) Call me Enter your email address to follow "The Honest Courtesan"; you'll be notified by email whenever Maggie posts something new. Become a Blog Patron If you want to donate but don't want a recurring charge, you can send any amount you like via PayPal to my email address (see below). Be sure to include a note so I can thank you! Contact Maggie If you'd like to ask me a question, click here. If you made a comment and it doesn't appear within a few hours, click on this one. If you'd like to alert me to an interesting item, use this one. And if you have a request, bouquet or brickbat or just want to introduce yourself, this is the one for you. A Few References Ad Scortum Advice for Clients Frequently Told Lies Guided Tour Handy Figures House Rules King of the Hill Maggie's Amazon Wishlist Safety in Numbers Where's My Comment? Friends of Whores Amazing Women Rock An Anthology of English Pros Cliterati Econjeff Feminist Ire Judgy Bitch Literate Perversions Marijke Vonk Narco Polo Nobody's Business Paper Bird Popehat Radley Balko RTFTLC Sarah Woolley Sex and the State Simple Justice Stanley Siegel Talk Geek to Me The Naked Anthropologist Windy Pundit Organizations & Allies Desiree Alliance ESPLERP FIRST International Prostitutes Collective International Sex Worker Foundation for Art, Culture and Education International Union of Sex Workers Naughty New Orleans Network North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition Prostitutes' Education Network Sex Work Activists, Allies and You Sex Worker Open University Sex Workers Outreach Project Sex Workers Without Borders St. James Infirmary SWOP-NOLA Touching Base Women With a Vision Resources Decriminalization Success in New Zealand Dr. Brooke Magnanti on "How To Blog Anonymously" Legal Status of Prostitution by Country Logical Fallacies Loose Women or Lost Women? Sex Trafficking: The Abolitionist Fallacy Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work The Mythology of Prostitution The Philosophy of Liberty Third Wave Foundation's Pro-Sex Work Statement World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights Whorish Media After Hours Bound, Not Gagged Brooke Magnanti was a Sex Worker! Castrating Bitch Girl Furry Girl's Feminisn't Harlot's Parlour Kelly James vs. the TSA La Libertine's Salon Open Source Sex Post-Whore America Sina More Stuff Sex Workers Eat The Honest Catesan The Sex Myth The Time Waster Tits and Sass Vixen for Hire Maggie on TwitterMy Tweets Boring but necessary legal stuff All original content on this website (i.e. all of my columns, pages and anything else which I write myself) is protected under international copyright law as of the time it is posted; though you may link to it as you please or quote passages (as long as you attribute the quote to me), please do not reproduce whole columns without my express written permission. In other words, you have to say "pretty please with sugar on top" first, and then wait for me to say "okey-dokey". Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. WPThemes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
https://theescortlover.wordpress.com/2010/11/27/the-anatomy-of-a-session/|_|Home About Definitions Start Here! The Escort Lover The Dirty View From A John's Eyes Stay updated via RSS Latest Posts More Sugar Baby Stuff! The Flood Gates Open SB Haters… Life of a Sugar Daddy: 2013 Edition Sugar Babies and Mailbags: The Return Pornscorts: A Fascinating Category of Escorts The Escort Who Couldn’t Be My Sugar Baby The Beginner’s Guide to Being A Sugar Baby Mad Sugar Babies Read Here Reviews Rewritten: Courtnie Categories Escorts (27) AMPs (6) Providers (Agencies) (6) Providers (Independents) (15) Strip Clubs (4) Sugar Babies (19) SWs (4) Informational (11) My Experiences (19) Reviews Rewritten (3) Uncategorized (1) The Anatomy of a Session Posted: November 27, 2010 in Informational, Providers (Independents) Tags: escort review boards, escort screening sites, escorts, hobby, hookers, independent, prostitution, sex, theescortlover 19 If you’re just now reading my blog for the first time, click on any of the interesting-looking categories to the left to read some of my past posts, or just go ahead and start from the beginning.  It’ll get you started, at least, so you’re not lost or confused! ————————- Most of you seem to want to know exactly how a “session” or “date” with an escort comes about.  Well, I will give you the run down of what it is like to see an independent escort (AMPs and SWs are different experiences, but I think I’d rather cover them on an experiential basis, since I have good stories about both) so that you can get just a little taste of how this underground world works! For starters, where in the hell does one find an escort?  Believe it or not, there are a few sources that you can turn to.  Prior to the internet, you either had to know someone OR you could look in the Yellow Pages.  Yes, if you still get phone books, there WILL be listings for some agencies in there if there are any in your area.  I’ve never gone that route, mostly because I’ve heard that they are much more hit-or-miss from the perspective of getting a “good girl” (yes, that is very rude). The 2nd option, and the one that I would venture to say is the most common way that guys and girls play in the hobby, is to go on Craigslist (prior to it closing the adult section down) or Backpage.  For those of you who don’t know, Backpage is essentially Craigslist, just less well known.  It still has dedicated pages for each city, and it certainly has all of the non-sex stuff that Craigslist does (though again, less known).  But, it does have an adult section. If you were to go through Backpage (BP for short), you are best served going to the “Escorts” or “Body Rubs” sections under ADULT.  You can find some other sex stuff in other areas, but for the most part, if you call a number off a page from those two sections, you are likely going to find what you are looking for. Now, there are a couple of drawbacks to using BP.  First of all, you have no way of knowing if the woman is real or not.  She could be an undercover cop, and you could be walking into a bust.  Secondly, you have no idea how good this chick is, even if she IS who she says she is in (which is a crapshoot with BP girls).  Something you may not know as a new hobbyist is that most BP girls are pretty boring lays and they have limited menus (ie. things you can or cannot do with them sexually), and even though they ARE cheaper than the next method (and often you can get them to give you discounted half hour and “quickie” rates, which is rare to find for the next group as well), they often are really only desireable if you literally just want to fuck a warm body. To schedule with these girls, you usually just call or text their listed number, schedule a time, and then show up.  They are usually good for last minute appointments as well, since the bulk of their business are one-time hits off of BP. The final group of girls you can schedule with, and the ones that are most reliable and valuable, are the “review board girls”.  In the hobby, it is VERY important that you be selective with who you see.  That allows you to be discreet, have a good session, and get the most value for your dollar.  Well, prior to the internet, it was pretty much impossible to know which girls were good or not without knowing someone who had seen them.  Then the internet came along, and you have review boards. Escort review boards are exactly what they sound like:  they are a forum system designed to act as a central database for hobbyists and johns to review the details of their sessions with the escorts they’ve seen, to provide information to other hobbyists so that they can make an informed decision about whether or not to schedule a session with an escort.  The more well-reviewed the escort is, the higher the likelihood of getting good value out of the session.  The more poorly-reviewed, the less the likelihood (and also the less likely she will be reviewed at all after 2 or 3 poor reviews).  Little-reviewed girls are often what are called “TOFTT girls”, standing for Take One For The Team, since they are unknowns and the session experience being unpredictable. Obviously, any escorts that are conscious of their image pay close attention to these reviews.  Most sites won’t let the full details of a review be shared with the provider (often shared in a private section called “The Rest of the Story” for established/paying reviewers).  There are often sections of each ERB where escorts can advertise, posting an updated pictures, updates rates/services, or just to bring themselves to the forefront of any horny guy’s search for his next lay. I won’t post any links, but if you are interested, I may chat with you privately about these review boards.  Look me up on Twitter (http://twitter.com/theescortlover) if you want. Often, with providers that post ads on escort review boards, I scroll through all of the ads, flag ones that I find interesting (I usually jot down their information – handle, ad menu/pricing listings, etc.), and then research them to see if they are legitimate options.  I often am left with a list of several potential ladies to see, and I keep that “list” running until its exhausted (haven’t exhausted it in the 2 years I’ve been doing this, FYI, because I keep adding to it constantly by sheer circumstance). When I’ve decided on which escort I’d like to see, I usually contact them via the method they ask to be contacted by (e-mail, private message on that board, call, text, or screening through a 3rd party screening website – which I will discuss more in future posts or questions you can ask me later) to request an appointment.  I prefer texting or e-mail, since I can do that no matter where I am very easily.  Once I am screened (I can go through the “screening process” in later posts, like mentioned above), we usually set a date, and I call 24 hours in advance to confirm the date. It’s important to note here that, if a provider confirms they will see you at this 24 hour point, it is a HUGE no-no for them, reputation wise, to cancel your session after that for any reason other than an emergency (often unverifiable, so it’s hobbyist discretion whether to forgive and forget).  Some hobbyists have tight windows (heh) under which they can hobby, due to family/wife excuses, work scheduling, etc., so good providers always err on the side of caution at the risk of taking a reputational hit on these sites. Now, once you get to this point, the experience is ESSENTIALLY the same regardless of whether it is a BP girl or an ERB girl (I will notate any differences). About an hour or two prior to the session, you either call or text the girl, and she then gives you directions to her incall (the place where she is “working”).  This place is often NOT her home, even if she lives in the area.  If you are seeing a BP girl, you will 90% of the time be going to a hotel (a good majority of these girls are from out of town – traveling 2-3 hours so they aren’t working where people know them), with the other 10% being their actual home (since they are usually not responsible/careful enough to know better if they live locally).  If you see a ERB girl, she will often have an apartment (often shared with at least one other provider – I’ve heard of up to 6 before) dedicated to her “business” if she is local, or it will be at a NICER hotel if she is from out of town.  A small grouping (ie. the actual single girls that don’t expect much company) will use their actual home, as one 23-year old did for me last Saturday when I walked to her downtown high rise apartment. You will usually have a two- or three-call system:  You call an hour before OR right when you are ready to leave, and she will tell you the general area to travel to (“call me when you get to the airport” “go up ::highway:: and call me when you exit ::exit name::”, etc.) and to call her when you get there.  I like to keep in pretty good touch with girls prior to sessions, so I’m usually texting with them up to 3 hours prior just to avoid any communication breakdown.  Then, once you are at the area, she will give you detailed directions to her apartment/house/hotel, and then give you the specific number/directions to her door once you are there (if necessary). For me, the most nerve-wrecking part of every experience is the minute from when I park in the parking lot/driveway to when I walk up and knock on the door.  This is often the time I have a mini-panic attack and have to force myself to go through with the session (especially if the path is crowded ie. people are around) anyway. Knock, knock, knock.  The door opens, and there she is.  The first impression I get when that door opens often will guide the session, and it would take a big swing either positive or negative to affect it after that.  Usually an awkward pleasantry and hug is exchanged, followed by some menial chit chat. Etiquette says that you are supposed to place the “donation” (it’s illegal to pay for sex) in an unmarked envelope on a plainly visible surface, and not to mention it.  This way, you are not going to get caught by an undercover provider in the act of soliciting sex (though obviously it will look bad just being there, but legally I’m pretty sure you are ok) from a prostitute, and the provider likewise doesn’t trap herself either.  Most providers will not raise a fit if you don’t have an envelope.🙂 After that is done, I usually ask to use the restroom, where I wash my hands, among other preparatory actions. At this point, it really is a matter of who acts first.  Since I have a really hard time initiating sex with someone personally (childhood issues), even if they ARE a hooker, I often will just chat with them and sit on the bed (BP) or couch (ERB usually) until they make the first move.  Sometimes (and this happens almost all of the time when you are paying for a session that is less than an hour – half-hour or quickie), the provider simply starts getting naked, and this is usually your clue to also get naked, and you both jump on the bed. From there, you basically have sex (or whatever you paid for – you can pay for blowjobs only, or massages, etc.).  The only quirks depend basically on their menu offerings.  If it is a BP girl, you will likely be jerked off until hard, then she will put a condom on you, blow you until you are ready to fuck, and then lube herself up (honestly, watching a girl lube up is NOT hot…).  Almost all BP girls are CBJ (covered blowjob – BJ with a condom). Ok, let me go ahead and give you a VERY BASIC menu rundown: Kissing – BP girls usually don’t allow it.  For others, it varies between LFK (basically closed mouth kissing) and DFK (full on makeout), or none at all. Oral (her): DATY or FIV will often be listed if done (during review) or available (in ad).  DATY is Dining At The Y (eating out), and FIV is Fingers In Vagina (fingers in vagina).  There’s usually no difference between BP and ERB girls on this – totally woman dependent. Oral (you):  HJ, CBJ, or BBBJ (BBBJTCIM, BBBJTCIMNQNS) are your options, if allowed.  Hand Job is pretty obvious, and don’t think I’ve never seen it offered (it’s often not listed because it’s so necessary).  CBJ was mentioned above, and this is a popular menu offering for BP girls.  I would say that there is a strong correlation between CBJ being the only thing a provider will do and the amount of GFE (girlfriend experience) you will get – basically meaning you are often only expecting a fuck buddy or purely “get off” type of session. BBBJ, or bareback blowjob, is almost a prerequisite for any ERB girl.  Most BP girls charge $200 or less per hour, and they often are CBJ with no GFE.  For an ERB girl, you are often paying at least $180-300 per hour, and you can almost always expect BBBJ with GFE.  ERB girls that do not offer both of these services usually end up being inactive on the boards, and revert back to BP. Note:  The prices I list are for MY AREA, which is considered on the higher side for my state.  You would have to research your specific area to find out the comparable average rates) Now, where ERB girls vary is on the issue of CIM (cum in mouth), CIMNQNS (cum in mouth, no quit, no spit – swallowing to be short), or none.  It’s very rare to see a girl charging higher than $200/hr that will not at LEAST do CIM, though it’s pretty much non-existant that a provider willing to take cum in her mouth will not just go ahead and swallow.  I know of two girls in my area off the top of my head that charge $300/hr (on the high side) and do NOT do CIM, and both of them are probably in the top 5 looks-wise for this area, and also two of the youngest (<25 years old). Sex: Honestly, you know all the acronyms for this (what is CG? what is RCG? what is K9? You got it).  I don’t know of any providers that have any vaginal sex positions that are off limits.  I’d be interested to know if there are any.  The only two things that I know will vary from provider to provider is anal sex and fetishes (hair pulling, slapping, bondage, toys, etc.).   For fetishes, you really just need to check with the provider.  I don’t think any that WOULD do a fetish would charge extra for it, but that’s not my scene.  For anal, BP girls usually use their booty holes as a convenient opportunity to get an extra $50 or so from you (most guys into anal gladly pay), and I think it is free, though provider dependent, for anyone else.  Since I’m not into anal personally, I can’t really speak on it. FINISH:  CIM, COF, COB, CIV, MSOG – CIM already mentioned.  As far as the other ways to finish, they imply that you would be uncovered when cumming (otherwise you just cum in the condom) – cum on face, cum on body (often you need to clear the area of the body, though), and cum in vagina.  I don’t know of any providers that offer the option to let you cum inside their vagina uncovered.  In fact, if there are any, they probably would not advertise it for fear of being identified as someone who is not safe. MSOG is multiple shots on goal, or cumming more than once per session.  For most sessions that last less than an hour, you almost never seen MSOG offered due to the length of time it takes to get one pop (one time to cum), much less two or more.  I have, though, seen MSOG offered for 30-minute “french” (blowjob only) sessions.  BP girls often do not offer MSOG at all, and use the opportunity of multiples to upsell you.  ERB girls typically will use the line “you pay for my time”, and will allow MSOG, especially to regulars.  Since I admittedly cannot fuck for an hour (or even 30 minutes) without cumming, MSOG is often a very important menu offering that has to be offered (I have a funny story about this I hope to post eventually). Afterwards, the girl usually will take the condom off for you if necessary and give you a wipe or warm towel to clean up with, and then it is almost universally polite conversation while you get dressed (some girls stay naked, some put on just underwear, it varies) and ready to leave.  Sometimes, almost exclusively for ERB girls, a shower is offered so that you can clean up in case you need to return to family/work. Upon leaving, you exchange hugs and a promise to visit again soon, and then you leave. So, that’s pretty much all there is to it.  That’s the entire process from idea, to discovery, to scheduling, to session.  If you are an ERB member, you may ask them if it is ok to review them (you get credits for reviewing that is used to give you free private access – some providers do not want public reviews).  If you are a third-party screening site member, you may ask for an “okay” (to be explained later, if necessary). I hope you guys found this interesting.  Please please please comment on here and tell me what you think.  Also comment and give me any suggestions for posts YOU’D like to see, and I’ll try to incorporate them into my blog as best I can. Again, please follow me on Twitter – http://twitter.com/theescortlover – I interact with ANYONE who @mentions me on there (unless you’re a spambot), so @ me and we can talk about whatever you read here or whatever you think based on having stumbled across this thing! Rate this: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google More Email Print Reddit LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Comments ktalin says: November 30, 2010 at 6:15 am haha i actually own a striptease,escorts,amateur models website and they are very good at what they do Reply Piper says: December 4, 2010 at 12:51 pm I find the hugging part oddly amusing. Very informative and an interesting insight into the “scene.” Reply Screening and Being Screened | The Escort Lover says: December 16, 2010 at 10:53 pm […] hobby and what each tier brings me (reviewed here), and I even now know what to expect (chronicled here), HOW DO I […] Reply Lisa says: November 4, 2011 at 4:05 pm I’ve always wondered about this whole scene. Your blog is incredibly interesting, thanks for sharing! Reply Giotto says: February 12, 2012 at 12:46 am can you tell me of an escort that will do a virgin or anything of the like Reply Chris moyer says: July 16, 2016 at 5:26 pm Dont lose your virginity to a hooker. Its part of becoming a man. Manhood cannot be purchased. I feel like your father should have taught you that at some point. Reply escort toronto says: January 13, 2014 at 6:05 am I found your site really awesome and informative so i should share this and i did it Reply TE says: June 19, 2014 at 11:40 am Thanks for this post, I’m looking at it as much as etiquette and instructional as educational. Reply Jay Damasio says: July 26, 2014 at 2:47 pm Lol. The cumming in the vagina myth is true. Hooked up with an escort in 2012, my first one. Cool, beautiful, super smart. She was fun even before stator naked. She allowed me to cum inside her in exchange for the additional money to buy a morning after pill. I was the only guy she had allowed to do that in 4 years of work, or so she said. She bought the pill, and that was cool. Well, this became a regular occurrence. Except for the pill part. She just started pocketing the cash. It was a couple of months later, when she sent me the pics of her swollen belly. She said it was cool, and that it was her responsibility. Her boyfriend knew the risks, so he was going to raise him. Call me a freak, but having a fine little escort let me knock her up…what a fucking turn on. Good looking kid, but she doesn’t want me around, because her boyfriend will freak out. I’m one and done on escort bareback though. Luck runs out. Reply Tracy Lombardo says: September 10, 2014 at 6:00 am Can you tell me what the definition is of asking for an ANDREA or A? Reply Singapore Escort Job says: November 7, 2014 at 7:34 am “The Anatomy of a Session” good to see this post will recommend to my friends also. Reply slim delfino says: December 15, 2014 at 6:02 am i needed this bro. idk who you are, but youre the shit homie. Reply Dale Cooper says: January 7, 2015 at 11:23 pm I’m a newbie at this. BP adds sometimes say “No explicit talk over the phone.” So how do I find out if I can cum on her face or fuck her in the ass before I actually get in the same room as her? Reply Kramer says: February 10, 2015 at 4:12 pm The best way to check things out is to join “TheEroticReview” (TER), pay a little to become a VIP member, search for what you seek in your area, then read the profiles and reviews. Reply Chris Mujahadeen says: July 16, 2016 at 5:29 pm You cant man, thats part of the risk you run each and every time Reply Georgia O'Keefe says: November 30, 2015 at 2:11 am How pathetic and seriously discerning you are as a human being. I am disgusted by the very nature of how you view these woman who are someones sister, daughter, grandchild,mother, etc. Truley you are a loser with obvious issues that unfortunately can not be resolved at this point in life. Suicide is w.o. a doubt your best option now in life. Please do all of us a favor and die quietly. Amazing piece of shit you are…. Reply Bigwheat says: July 15, 2016 at 11:37 pm Get out of here! This is very informative , especially for trying to find a girl for me and my wife to have sex with and for my wife to swap my cum with the escort Reply Rick says: January 4, 2016 at 8:59 pm Outstanding article! Reply wow says: February 9, 2016 at 4:14 am ugh! I just puked in my mouth. PIM… is that what they call it? If I don’t do it, my profit margin will stink probably? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. The Levels of Hobbying My First Experience Blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
https://www.bunniesoflasvegas.com/articles/view/gfe-vegas|_|Intl.: 1-702-659-9002 Local: 1-844-659-9002 Asian Escorts Blonde Escorts Brunette Escorts Ebony Escorts Redhead Escorts Home Page Articles GFE Vegas Published: October 4, 2013 , Modified: September 21, 2016 GFE ESCORTS BY BUNNIES OF LAS VEGAS ESCORTS Among the list of adventures you can have with one of the Las Vegas Escorts is a GFE experience. A GFE in Vegas offers a true girlfriend experience unlike no other. What are some questions you may have regarding what a GFE in Vegas is and how she stands out from the other Las Vegas Escorts? WHAT IS A GFE IN VEGAS? A GFE escort is more than just your garden variety escort. She is trained in giving you a girlfriend experience or GFE Vegas. When you are with her, people who see you will think she is your girlfriend or wife. Because she is specially trained, you will probably come to think of her as a girlfriend or wife, too. But the best part is that she is a "girlfriend" or "wife" without out all the girlfriend or wife hassles. No nagging. No drama. No tears. It's only the kind of comprehensive experience you crave. When you are with a GFE escort, you’re in charge. HOW CAN YOU BENEFIT FROM A GFE IN VEGAS? You're single, you're in Las Vegas, and you'd love to spend your time with some female companion. An escort who specializes in a GFE experience can give you almost all the benefits of having a "girlfriend" without all the hassles. Perhaps you're married and away in Las Vegas. Your GFE escort can fulfill the perfect "non sexual mistress" fantasy you've always wanted. Let her show you around the Las Vegas hot spots. Walk into a classy restaurant with her on your arm and watch all the heads turn. Your GFE in Vegas is a professional, beautiful Las Vegas escort who will dress to impress and handle herself with the type of grace and dignity you want in a woman. Meet in your hotel room for quiet time together and feel what it's like to be with a person who is a woman in every sense of the word. WHAT CAN A GFE IN VEGAS DO FOR YOU? Spending time with a Las Vegas escort with a focus on GFE means you can have that "girlfriend" or "mistress" minus all the drama. She will step right into your life and immediately offer you the attention you deserve as a man. Life is stressful enough, let a GFE escort take away that stress and help you forget about your problems. Imagine what it would be like to spend time with your ideal woman in an exciting location such as Vegas. What's also nice to know is that a GFE in Vegas, as with all professional escorts, is highly discrete. With all quality Las Vegas Escorts, Your secret is safe with a Las Vegas Escort, and your privacy is always important to them as their privacy is to them. All GFE escorts listed on Bunnies of Las Vegas Escorts offer a Girl Friend Experience that is non sexual and money spent for these beautiful models is for time and companionship only. <a href="https://ahhhhh.wufoo.com/forms/zoasz5j0i8fcjr/" title="html form">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Recent Escorts Ayana Carolina Dolly Selina Kiki Farra Chantice Banu Recent Articles Articles Busty Escorts College Escorts Luxury Escorts Greek Escorts Independent Escorts Teenage Escorts Oriental Escorts Legal & Misc. About Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Legal Statements Site Map Escort RSS Feed Article RSS Feed Disclaimer: All money exchanged is for time and companionship only. © 2016 Bunnies of Las Vegas Escorts, all rights reserved.
https://www.bunniesoflasvegas.com/articles/view/las-vegas-escort-prices|_|Intl.: 1-702-659-9002 Local: 1-844-659-9002 Asian Escorts Blonde Escorts Brunette Escorts Ebony Escorts Redhead Escorts Home Page Articles Las Vegas Escort Prices Published: December 27, 2013 , Modified: September 21, 2016 HOW MUCH ARE LAS VEGAS ESCORT PRICES? As of some the many "unique" ways for men to have fun in Las Vegas is with Las Vegas Escorts. These are sophisticated, professional, stylish, attractive women who know exactly how to show you, a dashing man the best time of his life while in Vegas. What are Las Vegas Escort Prices? It all depends upon where you find the girl. KNOW PRICING FOR ESCORTS BEFORE HITTING CASINOS, NIGHTCLUBS, RESTAURANTS Escorts may be found in casinos, nightclubs, restaurants and bars. Since these ladies are working independently, it carries more of a risk to the girl being that she may be going on a call without someone knowing where she is and checking up on her throughout the entertainment. This is another reason girls prefer to work more established agencies such as us. Las Vegas Escort Prices with independent escorts varies depending on the girl. She will set her own price when she is in the privacy of your room, and that price may be anywhere between $200 and upwards of thousands of dollars. If she's very attractive, her price may fall more on the higher end. On the subject of Las Vegas Escort Prices, keep in mind that prostitution is not legal in Clark County, which includes Las Vegas, although it is legal in some of Nevada's smaller counties. Las Vegas Escorts advertised to dance for you, give you a massage and keep you company. Since some girls on sites such as back page las vegas advertise as Las Vegas hookers which is illegal in Las Vegas, you must be careful with any additional services. All most all established agencies follow the same guidelines which is verifying you are the person you say you are prior to sending out one of the dancers to you which is not common on advertising sites such as backpage. Most of the ladies are legitimate but when booking through services such as backpage or eros you're dealing with the entertainer only and you should be sure to verify the pricing. PRICING VIA CARDS, NEWSPAPERS, MAGAZINES, BILLBOARDS, LIMOS, CABS If you've been in Las Vegas, you've probably seen those little cards people hand you on the corner. Some of these cards are for Las Vegas escorts. You'll also find escorts advertised in newspapers or magazines that are found in clear newspaper stands or boxes. In addition, there are advertisements for escorts on billboards and in ads placed in limos and cabs. If the Las Vegas Escort Prices are, say, $40 for the "girl of your dreams," be cautious. Anything less than $200 is a red flag. If she's working for an agency, there are agency fees. In addition to the agency fee is the tip you pay your chosen girl. Therefore, even if the Las Vegas Escort Prices are advertised as being very low that doesn't mean they are. LAS VEGAS ESCORT PRICING FROM WEBSITES Besides referral's from friends and your trusted circle Escort websites are the best way to find trustworthy Las Vegas escorts, especially high-end escorts. Business travelers, high-rollers, men of exquisite taste and refinement can find suitable women at escort websites. The sophisticated and professional women advertised don't come cheap, and you can pay Las Vegas Escort Prices of anywhere between $300 to $1000+ an hour which really just depends on the "grade" of the escort and "needs" of the client. The beautiful women you see on the website are typically models but in almost all cases the larger escort services have girls that will very similar or even better then the pictures on the site. A woman can typical be at your hotel room within 20 minutes, and it’s necessary to understand that the Las Vegas Escort Prices quoted over the phone represent the agency fees. What you pay the actual girl is her entertainment fee. <a href="https://ahhhhh.wufoo.com/forms/zoasz5j0i8fcjr/" title="html form">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Recent Escorts Ayana Carolina Dolly Selina Kiki Farra Chantice Banu Recent Articles Articles Busty Escorts College Escorts Luxury Escorts Greek Escorts Independent Escorts Teenage Escorts Oriental Escorts Legal & Misc. About Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Legal Statements Site Map Escort RSS Feed Article RSS Feed Disclaimer: All money exchanged is for time and companionship only. © 2016 Bunnies of Las Vegas Escorts, all rights reserved.
https://www.slixa.com/|_|Slixa Escort Directory Cities Dashboard Favorites Entertainer Signup Log In Join for Free! Local Sexy Wives Free Escort Cams Advertising Info Featured: Katja Moore Available Nationwide! View Katja Moore's profile Introducing, Slixa. A revolutionary platform that changes the way men find quality private entertainment. Enter Slixa by choosing a city: JUMP TO CITY Atlanta, Georgia Atlantic City, New Jersey Austin, Texas Baltimore, Maryland Baton Rouge, Louisiana Birmingham, Alabama Boston, Massachusetts Charlotte, North Carolina Chicago, Illinois Cincinnati, Ohio Cleveland, Ohio Columbus, Ohio Dallas, Texas Denver, Colorado Detroit, Michigan Fort Lauderdale, Florida Fort Worth, Texas Houston, Texas Indianapolis, Indiana Kansas City, Missouri Las Vegas, Nevada Los Angeles, California Louisville, Kentucky Miami, Florida Minneapolis, Minnesota Montgomery, Alabama Montreal, Quebec Nashville, Tennessee New Orleans, Louisiana New York, New York Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Orlando, Florida Ottawa, Ontario Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Phoenix, Arizona Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Portland, Oregon Raleigh, North Carolina Richmond, Virginia Sacramento, California San Antonio, Texas San Diego, California San Francisco, California San Juan, San Juan Seattle, Washington St. Louis, Missouri Tampa, Florida Toronto, Ontario Vancouver, British Columbia Washington, DC Wichita, Kansas Browse Featured Escorts & Adult Entertainers Near You Katja Moore Nationwide VIP Alysha Tulip Nationwide Photo Verified Andria Anda Nationwide Amy Taylor Nationwide Photo Verified VIP Dani Carrera Nationwide VIP Ashley Shye Nationwide Photo Verified VIP Lexi Hunter Nationwide Libby Langdon, Ivy League Muse Nationwide Photo Verified VIP Ilara Santos Nationwide VIP Anabelle Lee Nationwide Ria Leon Nationwide Photo Verified VIP Anya Bruni Nationwide VIP Naomi Kova Nationwide VIP Heidee San Diego Photo Verified VIP Kim Kay Los Angeles Photo Verified VIP Kayla San Francisco VIP Carmen Foxx Los Angeles Photo Verified VIP Elizabeth Simmons San Francisco Photo Verified VIP See all entertainers in Los Angeles, San Diego, Las Vegas, and San Francisco - or select from one of the many Slixa cities nationwide. Newest Escorts & Private Entertainers on Slixa.com Juliana San Francisco Bai He Los Angeles Lisa Romo San Francisco VIP Vicki 34F New York VIP Lauren Lucas Fort Lauderdale Summer Devi Love San Diego Alexandra Miami Dana Miami Platinum Addy Detroit VIP SarahFoxx Phoenix VIP Southern Belle Bella Nashville Lorena Miami Mistress Blunt New York Katja Kline New York VIP Juliana Miami Devon Jolie San Francisco VIP Anna Sophia Phoenix Makena Wolfe San Francisco VIP Nori Baker Philadelphia Evelyn Ortiz Miami Holly Malone New York Nina Hart Seattle Helena West International VIP Boston VIP Megan Nashville The Slixa Revolution Slixa is radically different from other adult entertainer directory style sites. Find what you're looking for quickly and easily with large photos you can actually see and navigation that just plain makes sense. We never try to upsell you - free is free! Slixa is classy, sophisticated, easy to use, and completely free. We think it's revolutionary, and long overdue, and we're not the only ones. Slixa was recently nominated for the XBiz 2014 Awards for Progressive Web Company of the Year! Escorts – A Historical Look The escorting profession has been around since the dawn of civilization and it is widely considered to be the oldest profession known to (wo)man. However, what is considered escorting these days is much different from what it was originally, and today's escorts have taken on a completely new role; much different from the role they played in ancient times. Escorts in Ancient Time History books are littered with references to escorts and courtesans. The first known evidence of escorting can be found in ancient Mesopotamia, in the Middle East. The ancient peoples living there had many shrines and temples and referred to them as “houses of heaven” where courtesans were often found. Greece The Ancient Greeks were the first people to document both male and female escorts. Many female escorts were independent and in some cases played important roles in Greek Society. Escorts were required to wear distinctive dresses and paid taxes on their earnings like any other profession. Documents show that Greek escorts were greatly desired around the world for their beauty and that some charged astonishing prices for their services. Roman Era The Romans embraced escorting, which was licensed, socially accepted, and very widespread throughout the empire with evidence that some brothels were government run. While it was perfectly acceptable for Roman citizens to hire escorts, working as an escort was often considered a shameful profession. Middle Ages During the middle ages, escorting and harlotry were at an all time high. Nearly every city and medium sized town had one or more brothels where the wealthy could go to drink and spend time with women. Many times a king would send his squires out to the local brothel to hire courtesans to entertain a noble guest. While some medieval churches frowned on this type of behavior, others licensed holy brothels of their own. During the Catholic Church’s main years of power, special badges were required to identify women as courtesans with the wealthier escorts able to skirt this law by dressing as noble women. Renaissance Period Due to mass outbreaks of syphilis in the 1400s and early 1500s, the escorting industry experienced a dramatic decline. The church began refusing service to women who were actively engaged in such activities in an attempt to discourage the remaining escorts. Revolutionary/Industrial Period As European influence continued to spread, so did the need for escorts. It was common for British soldiers to hire escorts in ports they controlled, especially India. New laws were passed that required escorts to visit doctors regularly for medical checkups, and in some countries government sanctioned brothels were the only form of escorting allowed. Famous Escorts in History With thousands of years of history behind it, there are hundreds of famous men and women that have helped make escorting into what it is today. Here are just a few of the most famous escorts in ancient history: Theodora Theodora lived in Constantinople around the year 500BC. She started out in a brothel before her talents were quickly stepping up her talents and becoming an actress. As an actress, Theodora would delight crowds with strange sexual shows with wild after parties. Eventually, she became a personal escort to the rich and powerful until she met Justinian, heir to the Byzantine Empire. They married, and just a few years after her death, she was anointed a saint. Phryne Phyrne was a famous hetaira (courtesan) considered to be one of the most beautiful women in all of Ancient Greece. Men threw money and gifts at her to attract her attention. When on trial accused of impiety, her lawyer, one of her lovers, failed to adequately defend her. Fearing a guilty verdict she removed her robes before the judges, who found themselves unable to condemn the beauty of Aphrodite to death. She was acquitted and immediately returned to her profession as Greece’s most popular courtesan. Su Xiaoxiao Known as Little Su, Su Xiaoxiao was a 5th century Chinese escort who was well known for her intellectual ability and raw beauty. Little Su did not wish to become a mistress of the rich and powerful and instead chose to share her beauty with common people. She died at a young age due to illness but her reputation and legacy live on even today. Her tomb was recently rebuilt in 2004 and Little Su has been responsible for inspiring many Chinese artists and writers. Thais Thais was a Greek hetaera who lived during the conquest of Alexander the Great, and was famously responsible for burning down Persepolis by simply giving a speech. While she originally started out as a courtesan it is believed she eventually married a lover named Ptolemy, the man who became the King of Egypt. Escorts in Modern Times The modern day escort has evolved into a completely different industry. Today's escort focuses on providing quality companionship to discerning gentlemen, both publicly and privately. From the businessman who needs a dinner companion for that important work meeting to the lonely gentleman who just wants to spend some quality quiet time with a lovely woman, today's escort clientele is a wide ranging selection of modern society. Now that you're up to speed, begin your own search for the best escorts in Los Angeles. Slixa Atlanta, Atlantic City, Austin, Baltimore, Baton Rouge, Birmingham, Boston, Charlotte, Chicago, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Fort Lauderdale, Fort Worth, Houston, Indianapolis, Kansas City, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Louisville, Miami, Minneapolis, Montgomery, Montreal, Nashville, New Orleans, New York, Oklahoma City, Orlando, Ottawa, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Pittsburgh, Portland, Raleigh, Richmond, Sacramento, San Antonio, San Diego, San Francisco, San Juan, Seattle, St. Louis, Tampa, Toronto, Vancouver, Washington, DC, Wichita Slixa Canada, Slixa Puerto Rico, Slixa United Kingdom, Slixa United States Slixa is launched in the above locations and we're adding new cities regularly! If you don't see your city here, request it and we'll notify you when we launch nearby. Asacp Restricted To Adults ENTERTAINER SIGNUP / LOGIN MOBILE VERSION BROWSE CONTACT SLIXA FAQ ADVERTISING SLIXA ON TWITTER PLEASE READ OUR TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY POLICY DMCA STATEMENT 18 U.S.C. 2257 RECORD-KEEPING REQUIREMENTS COMPLIANCE STATEMENT © 2012-2016 Slixa®. All Rights Reserved.
