http://blog.sherisranch.com/girlfriend-experience/what-is-a-gfe-girlfriend-experience/|_|(866) 820-9100 Toggle navigation THE BROTHEL About Sheri's Learn everything there is to know about Sheri's Ranch Meet the Owner Up close Chuck Lee the owner of Sheri's Ranch Awards Review all the awards Sheri's has received VIP Bungalows Experience brothel with VIP themed bungalows Sheri's Playland Let Us provide the stage while your imagination guides you Specialty Rooms Special Rooms we have Nuru Massage Nuru Massage room in Las Vegas Videos Check out our video section of our brothel ladies LADIES This Week's Lineup Ladies that are currently available this week Scheduled Ladies Check out all the ladies that are coming soon Search Ladies by Date Lookup a lady by her schedule Quick Search a Lady by Name Employment Want to become one of Sheri's sexy ladies? Apply here. HOTEL Rooms Stay in a beautiful hotel room at Sheri's for your vacation Sports Bar & Restaurant Grab a drink along with some amazing food SEX MENU Brothel Sex Menu Understand the different style of sex you may request RESOURCES Reservations Reserve now a party with one of our ladies FAQ Frequently Asked Questions. Get answers to your questions. Directions Map and Directions to the Sheri's Ranch Employment Want to become one of Sheri's sexy ladies? Apply here. INTERACT Sheri's Blog The Voice of Legal Sex in America Forum Our Forum system for the customers Blog Home Categories Legal Prostitution Escorts Fetish Massages Role Playing Three Way Sex Videos Virgins Forum General Discussion and Flirtations The Social Cafe Ladies News and Schedules Newbie’s Questions and Answers Share an Experience News & Announcements Search The Forum Subscribe Sheri’s RSS Feed My Account Register Log In Blog Home > Girlfriend Experience > Real Sex Workers Define the GFE (Girlfriend Experience) This article was printed from http://blog.sherisranch.com. Copyright © 2016 The Resort and Spa at Sheri's Ranch. All rights reserved. Real Sex Workers Define the GFE (Girlfriend Experience) Posted on April 3, 2016 by Jeremy Lemur Headline: Real Sex Workers Define the GFE (Girlfriend Experience) Tweet On April 10th, Starz will launch its new series The Girlfriend Experience, a sure-to-be controversial show about the life of a high class prostitute. The Steven Soderbergh produced series premiered at the Sundance Film Festival earlier this year and has received exceptionally good reviews. The trials and triumphs of the show’s main character, played by Mad Max: Fury Road’s Riley Keough, will likely provoke discussion about the state of prostitution in the 21st century, and will certainly introduce mainstream audiences to the term “girlfriend experience,” or its more commonly used acronym “GFE.” So, what exactly is a GFE? Anyone who has been searching online for a professional sexual companion over the past ten to fifteen years has probably encountered the term, because the GFE is indisputably the most popular offering in this current age of harlotry. When a customer negotiates with a prostitute for a BJ (fellatio), DATY (cunnilingus), or even an FMF (threesome) it’s pretty cut and dry what the experience will entail. But GFE is a nebulous designation that appears to have no conclusive definition. Obviously, the term implies that the prostitute will, to some extent, act like her client’s girlfriend. Wikipedia describes GFE as follows: Within the sex industry, GFE is a common term for a sexual encounter in which both the escort and the client are willing to engage in reciprocal sexual pleasure and some degree of emotional intimacy. Punter Forums and similar online prostitution communities have disputed the definition of the term ad nauseum, often boiling the experience down to a few affectionate acts that a person would perform with his or her significant other. French kissing, cuddling, foreplay, and an overall greater familiarity between client and courtesan are all associated with the girlfriend experience. But these are mere aspects of the service that shed little light on a sexual phenomenon that stems from a strong desire for empathy. To really understand GFE’s popularity, perhaps we should not only be asking what it is, but also why there is an increasing demand for it. In today’s high-tech society, we seem to be making connections at every turn, with every text, Facebook like, and Twitter update. But are these new tools augmenting our connectivity to one another or replacing a more personal way of conversing. These days, exchanges that used to require direct human contact are often reduced to dispassionate emails and emoticons. Maybe these poor excuses for connecting have us longing for something more substantial. Or perhaps as we juggle work, family, and sex in our fast-paced environment, it’s more difficult than ever for quality affection between two people to occur naturally, at the best time, and at the same level for each participant. One thing’s for sure: many people are paying for real, face to face (and body to body) intimacy with sex workers who encourage clients to lower their barriers, expose their vulnerabilities, and experience genuine emotion. People are craving the girlfriend experience like never before, and they’re purchasing the service again and again. The definition of GFE does not truly exist, at least not in a definitive form. The service is as diverse and varied as the sex workers who offer it and the customers who partake of it. Below is a sampling of personal perspectives on the girlfriend experience from women most qualified to speak on the subject: high-end courtesans currently working at Sheri’s Ranch, a legal Nevada brothel. The GFE party is everything you desire in a relationship without the every day hassles a relationship requires. It’s all the bonuses of a girlfriend. It’s the good times and none of the bad times. How would you like to enjoy a girlfriend for a day, a couple days, or a couple meetings a month over the span of a year?  Sounds great, right? It’s phenomenal! It’s THE experience, and with me it’s rarely a one time meeting. It’s about getting to know one another, understanding one another and caring for one another over many sessions. It’s taking the first encounter and building off each and every meeting. It’s about spending time together and getting involved in conversations and creating a comfort level to it’s extreme, where I actually become your most trusted confidante. It’s going from having mechanical sex to creating these extraordinary levels of sexual pleasures and developing an intimate rapport that arouses both of us to a point of unparalleled ecstasy. Take all the good times of a relationship and add the exceptional sexual pleasures and what you get is this ultimate experience of a lifetime. – Brittney Ryder Collecting money and having sex is a transaction. Listening and connecting is an experience. Blurring the line between the two and  turning the transaction into an experience is my description of The Girlfriend Experience. Personally I prefer being able to fulfill the role as your girlfriend rather than offering straight sex, getting the chance to know you and sharing more of myself. I am not a robot and neither are you. We both have feelings. Although some of my clients do want to get to the point, there are clients that want to feel an emotional connection. Holding hands on the couch and chatting, soaking in a bubble bath and staring into each other’s eyes, playing video or board games and laughing. The time spent building this connection leads to an amazing sexual euphoria shared by both. Feeling every moment instead of rushing for a finish. At the end of our experience we will know each other like old lovers anxiously awaiting our next time together  to try new things and build our brothel relationship. With no nagging or fighting!! Sounds like a dream…. But it can be made a reality. – Allissa I am extremely open-minded, I enjoy almost anything sexual. My Ideal party is sharing my time with a wonderful gentleman who will spoil me as much as I spoil him. I really like the GFE sessions where it feels like I am on a real date.  A nice gift upon arrival such as flowers, perfume, lingerie, sexy clothes or anything that makes you think of me is always a nice surprise. I just love seeing that chivalry still exists. In our private bungalow we relax by the fire, cuddling and listening to our favorite music. Taking things slow in the most sensual way, teasing and tantalizing one another. Enjoying an evening filled with romantic dinner, fun games, and scary movies where I can snuggle in your arms or you can comfort me while I jump and scream. We can slip into a nice bubble bath or hot tub – it’s great foreplay. I love the way our bodies slide against one another while we caress. Once we’re all worked up and begging for one another, we can retire to the bed for the most intimate pleasures of life. That’s just a small glimpse into my most desired session. There are more that I absolutely love, but I’ll just have to whisper those in your ear when we’re alone together. –  Destini GFE, or the Girlfriend experience is about making the best connection you can make, without the draw backs. Its getting to know someone intimately, getting comfortable. Spending quality time focused on another person and it being more than just sex, although the sex is definitely an amazing part of it. With the girlfriend experience you get to experience the care and adoration of a lover. Except its all about the positive side. No moody days, no stress on where you stand with one another – Just pure enjoyment.  With the girlfriend experience we have time to just relax and let things happen as they happen. Maybe we meet up and we just cant wait, and immediately connect for a passionate moment! Then spend a while after cuddling, giggling over little things, just enjoying one another, and maybe we do that for the rest of our time, maybe we go a couple more rounds. Maybe we go for a slow smoldering build of chatting over some champagne, or a meal, watching a movie, cuddling and then getting a bit more frisky as time goes on until we’re simply lost in each other. Everyone’s experience is a little different. People enjoy different things, and a different pace. The girlfriend experience is more than just sex. It really is an experience. I get to know you as an individual, and I get to soothe any worry you have, and create a space where the troubles of the world don’t exist. We’re focused on the now, and the time we have together. The intense pleasure of each others bodies, as well as the deeply felt pleasure of simply getting lost in another person. It’s simply the best experience I have to offer, as well as the best experience for myself to enjoy as well. I feel so much fulfillment when I get to give this type of experience, knowing the person I’m pleasuring, helping them get to know me and my body as well. There’s nothing better. – Terra Tweet This entry was posted in Girlfriend Experience. Bookmark the permalink. 2 Responses to Real Sex Workers Define the GFE (Girlfriend Experience) Akira says: May 2, 2016 at 12:45 pm I love when I get the opportunity to have a GFE experience with the men that come to see me. I greatly enjoy the emotional connection and intimacy we share. Log in to Reply Red Diamonds says: May 5, 2016 at 12:15 pm I love GFE! Instead of coming for something short and sweet, take your time and spend hours of enjoyment. Sensual and intimate moments leave lifetime memories. Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Sheri's Resources About FAQs Prices Reservations Directions Brothel Employment Press Privacy Policy Brothel Ladies Weekly Lineup Ladies Coming Soon Search Ladies Brothel Resources Nevada Brothels Prostitution Blog Las Vegas Information Free Limo service Sin city Prostitution Facts Las Vegas Brothels VIP Bungalows VIP Bungalows Sheri's Playland Let's Get Social Copyright © 2016 The Resort and Spa at Sheri's Ranch. You must be 18 (21 in some jurisdictions) to enter this site and liable to comply with your local laws. Content, images, videos and media sexual in nature. Back to Top Skip to toolbar Log in Register Forums Forums Sheri’s News and Announcements The Social Cafe General Discussion and Flirtations Newbie’s Questions and Answers Ladies News and Schedules Share an Experience Views Most popular topics Topics with no replies New posts since last visit Topics Freshness New posts: Last day New posts: Last three days New posts: Last week New posts: Last month Topics with most replies Latest topics My topics with most replies Information bbPress Homepage Dev4Press Homepage Plugin Homepage Knowledge Base Support Forum Search
http://cuindependent.com/2010/02/04/confessions-of-an-escort-girl-on-sex-love-and-all-the-naughty-bits-in-between/|_|Friday , 7 October 2016 ABOUT CONTACT US APPLY CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING PARTNERS SOCIAL CU Independent University of Colorado Daily Student News News Politics Student Government Campus Events 4/20 Coverage People of 4/20 – 2014 Academics Community Lifestyle Beyond Boulder Environment Crime Greek Presidential Race 2016 GOP Debate: Boulder “Your money, your vote”: all you need to know What’s going on? CU Boulder on GOP Day GOP debate updates Entertainment Music & Playlists Film – TV Good Eats Sports NCAA Tournament 2016 Men’s Division I Basketball Football Women’s Division I XC -Track – Ski Club sports The Coin Toss Fitness and Wellness The Big Leagues Opinion Columns Ask Alex A Gay in the Life Cannon Fodder Dear Domna Girl on Girl Editorials Our Stance Satire Letters to the Editor Podcasts CU Taboo Tune In Turn Up Tune In Turn Up AMPED Pick Six Keg Tap The Association Luck Be a Lady Visuals People of Boulder Galleries Multimedia Syllabus CUI GRAPEVINE GRADES DATABASE Breaking News Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. Confessions of an escort girl: On sex, love and all the naughty bits in between (CU Independent/Adam Milner) Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. She graduated from CU last year with a degree in psychology and regularly works and volunteers with children. You can find lots of girls like Nikki all over the college town of Boulder. I happened to find her on Craigslist’s Adult Services. “A little sweetness goes a long way,” she wrote on her ad. Her bubbly personality saturated every last detail of her profile, complete with Xs and Os. Nikki has been working in “the industry” on and off since she was 16-years-old. She is now a resource manager working with 4 to 6 girls at a time, selling their “company” for big money all around the Denver area and Boulder. “This is not full time by any means,” she said. When Nikki is not out on her “dates,” she works part-time as a bookkeeper and administrator. As the oldest of six kids, she also strives to set herself as an example by volunteering her time at church and the non-profit she works with. She tells me that she wants to open up her own non-profit for underprivileged kids in single-parent homes someday, or perhaps become a preschool teacher or a youth minister. “I want to be something more than what money can give,” she said. But for right now, she tells me, it’s all about the money. Sex is my business, and business is good Did you know that a girl working part-time as an escort can make just as much, if not more, than prestigious lawyers and doctors? According to Nikki, you can make what you earn in corporate America over two weeks in a single day, just by seeing two guys on a non full-service level. Full-service providers, she explains, sell straight up sexual intercourse, as opposed to non full-service providers, who sell everything but, such as their company for dates. “The most I’ve made in one day was $6,200 between three dates,” Nikki said. “Once one of my girls pulled in $56,000 from just one guy.” For Nikki and her girls, there are no pimps or agencies involved. The hard-earned cash is all theirs. All the girls she works with act as independent contractors who come to her for her resources, guidance and knowledge of the market and industry. “My job is to find the best places and resources for them to get the most out of what we’re marketing,” Nikki said. “The girls and I travel and we choose states where the economy is still steady and growing.” In return for Nikki’s help, they pay her a flat rate to post their services onto Craigslist for each of these areas. They’ve been all over the country including New York, California and even Hawaii. Big bucks, independence and travel? Sign me up, please? What you didn’t know about prostitution “I help men get a better understanding of sex through women,” Nikki said. Nikki said it’s not just about the sex itself, but about anything sexual in general. “I should be a sex therapist,” she joked. I’ve heard before that men who see prostitutes don’t just come for the sex, rather, they also seek all other aspects of female companionship. Speaking with Nikki gave me further insight on the matter. “They also look for uplift and reassurance. Just as human beings, they need it. You need a hug every once in a while, you need to be loved by the opposite sex or feel some kind of compassion,” Nikki said. This girl is all about the uplift, her sunny disposition is infectious and I love it. I’m sure her customers do, too. She also clued me in on all the different tiers of prostitution, ranging from “street walkers” to upscale escort girls. According to Nikki, there is “zero” street work. Colfax used to be prime hooker territory, but hasn’t seen the high level of street work it originally became famous for in years. Now, especially in Boulder, it’s all upscale, behind-closed-doors work. Before I talked to Nikki, I got this impression that prostitutes pretty much gave up every last ounce of their dignity in order to make money, rendering their decision power worthless. However, at least in the upper tiers of prostitution, the girls pretty much have the say on everything, from the guys they choose, what they want to do and how much they’ll be getting paid for it. “I’m picky,” Nikki said. “I just don’t see anyone. If I don’t like the guy, I won’t go through with the date. I’d be sweet and wouldn’t put him down, but I’d wean him to another girl who could better suit him and make him happier.” As far as the sex (or non-sex) goes, each girl decides on her own boundaries. Some don’t even provide full-service at all, rather, they may simply provide their company for dinners and dates. So how much cash is being thrown down for these girls? “It’s however much you want to make it. If they can’t pay that, then they’ll negotiate for whatever else,” she said. “The ball is always on my court.” The freakiest dudes in all the nation Of course, I had to ask Nikki about her strangest requests. She laughed and talked about golden Showers, strap-ons and the like. She did say the freakiest guys she’s ever seen throughout the country are in Boulder. Apparently, the white, older, hippie business guys are the ones to watch out for. “They have the weirdest requests,” Nikki said. “One guy wanted me to… What exactly do you call the opposite of a Golden Shower? I can’t even bring myself to talk about it, let alone do it.” She visibly struggled to find the words. “I can’t shit on anybody, sorry,” Nikki said. “And I won’t, plain and simple.” Word to the wives The majority of Nikki’s customers are married men who have been strictly with their wives for years or who have not had partners who are very sexual or open. “I give them something to go home and love their wives better with,” she said. I was intrigued. Could she convince me that prostitution could actually be conducive for a man’s love for his wife? “It’s men’s nature to want variety. It’s their animal instinct to breed with the most young and desirable women. It goes way back and love has nothing to do with it.” Nikki first explains that sex and love are two completely different things (for men anyway). According to Nikki, the guy has that one girl he loves, the one he marries. However, he also has his sexual needs. “He loves that one girl, but if he’s not getting what he needs or is deprived, he’ll become bitter towards her,” Nikki said. The idea is that once Nikki helps relieve these needs, it allows him to return to the one he is married to and carry on with their relationship, bitterness-free. “They might feel guilty, but it’s in their nature and they really need the sex. If their wives can’t give it to them, they feel badly about it,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that it’s human nature. “I also feel guilty to a certain extent, but really if the woman can’t give a man what he needs, he’ll go out and look for it elsewhere, plain and simple. And that’s where girls like me come in and give it to them,” Nikki said. It’s not purely about sex, though. Nikki said it’s also about the comfort her and her girls can give. “It’s not always physical, though,” she reminds me, “It’s also about uplift and reassurance.” The dichotomy of the “wife and the mistress” came to mind. Does it really all boil down to biological and evolutionary factors? Is this something we’ll all simply have to come to terms with? The good, the bad and the ugly “There really isn’t a least favorite aspect of the job,” Nikki said, “I love it all.” For Nikki, she said the job isn’t just about good pay, she genuinely enjoys it. “It’s like my dating scene. I pick and choose. I love older guys, men of power, well-dressed and charismatic. I’m completely engaged when we have fun and am totally enthralled by it. I wouldn’t do it if I didn’t like it. There’s no shame in what I do, I genuinely love everything I do.” To understand her passion, you also have to understand her philosophy. Nikki said she truly believes in doing what she does to not only bring uplift to her clients, but also to herself and her girls. “Girls might feel belittled, degraded or disrespected if they let themselves. If they put themselves in that position, then they absolutely will feel lesser for what they do,” Nikki said. Nikki said she only wants to be around girls who enjoy the job for what it is. “If at the end of the day you’re going to go home and feel like shit, then I don’t want to be a part of it. You have to genuinely like making the guys feel better,” Nikki said. “Then you feel better. It’s a mutual thing.” However, with the good also comes the bad. “I’ve been robbed, arrested, taken advantage of and hit. It’s all part of the risks. There are no policies and regulations for prostitution. It’s a free-for-all,” she said. There are some security measures they try to enact when they can, but ultimately the security measures can only do so much. “In big cities with all girls and no men, we have security people watching on the outside. But when you’re alone in a room with a guy, it doesn’t matter what kind of security you have. It’s you and him,” she said. Nikki and her girls take precautions and bring mace, switchblades and even take self-defense classes. She tells them that if it comes down to money, they should rather get ripped off than get raped or beaten. “You can replace that money,” Nikki said, “but you can’t replace yourself.” Then with the bad comes the ugly. Nikki revealed to me a darker part of her career. “I’ve been caught for prostitution and I’ve had a police officer come in and take complete advantage of me, and then turn around and arrest me for it,” she said. The experience of having a police officer violate her was one that Nikki won’t forget soon, if ever, she said. “At that point in my life, I would have felt better getting raped and robbed by somebody else, but having a police officer…” She said when the officer took her to court for prostitution she hired a good lawyer and got her case dismissed in court because of the fact that she had been raped. She said the officer didn’t confess, but all the evidence was there and he couldn’t deny it. “But it’s not just him, it’s hundreds of officers taking advantage of girls,” Nikki alleged. Legitimizing prostitution “If I would change anything about my job, it would be to make it legal,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that prostitution is illegal for the simple fact that the government cannot tax it. “I just feel like there’s so much that’s OK and that’s legal that is way worse than this,” she said. “If it’s consensual, the guy wants to do it and the girl wants to do it, who is the government to say it’s not OK?” I can sympathize with her on this. It’s difficult to work and pay tax dollars just to have a police officer rape you, turn around and arrest you for it, and have the law punish you for other acts that have been completely consensual. “It’s absolutely ridiculous that they can’t just let us do what we want, and because they can’t tax it they’re going to set up task forces that cost millions of dollars of tax money to stop something consenting adults want to do together,” Nikki said. Parting our ways Despite everything, Nikki said she has no regrets. “Anything that’s ever happened to me has made me stronger and built character,” she said. It has helped her go forward and teach other girls in the industry to help them realize what it really is, what it can be and what they may get out of it. “I’m here now in my place in the world to help people. No matter if it’s the children in the non-profits that I work for; to the women I hire to work for me. Ultimately the goal is to help them help the world.” When I first met Nikki, I had my doubts and my skepticism about the things she’s said and the things she believes in. Was she really so different from myself in those respects? Through our conversation, I realized that she is just like any other girl who channels her heart and soul into everything she does, including her own career. I got up to shake her hand, but instead she grabbed me and gave me a hug. She was happy, infectiously so, and all she wanted to do was to make others happy, too. At that point, it was hard not to believe in her. Contact CU Independent Staff Writer Natalie Bui at Natalie.bui@colorado.edu. 2010-02-04 CUIndependent Share Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest About CUIndependent The CU Independent or CUI for short is the student newspaper for the University of Colorado at Boulder. We cover News, Sports, Politics, Entertainment, and more. Our mission: to give the students at CU an online publication for students and by students, about the things we care about. Previous KU game sells out Next No smoking zone Check Also Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Political discussion among differing opinions is the only real path to change. By Jackson Barnett 13 comments toast88 February 4, 2010 at 7:16 pm This was one of the most eye-opening and insightful articles I’ve read this year. Definitely one of the most engaging articles on CUI. Simply amazing. Log in to Reply bob February 10, 2010 at 10:16 pm very interesting Log in to Reply ben February 15, 2010 at 8:21 am hi nikki, speak to more. you are just waaaaaw Log in to Reply Nats April 22, 2012 at 4:27 am Nikki is a profound thinker Log in to Reply emoman May 13, 2012 at 9:44 am Wow… This article is such an eye-opener. I did not have even slightest of idea that any girl could understand men so accurately. Nikki understands that sex is something essential for us men..Rarely do women understand that..They think we’re devils if we want physical intimacy.. And she’s absolutely 101% right about one thing – It’s not just about sex. It’s also about uplift, reassurance, aspects other than sex.. being understood is the best luxury anyone can have. . I love girls like Nikki. All the very best Nikki! Log in to Reply Sylvia May 18, 2012 at 9:46 am Absolutely interesting article Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:36 am good good Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:38 am I like You Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:40 am good boy Log in to Reply anon December 5, 2012 at 10:24 am Wow what a bunch of horsesh*t. As the former wife of a married man who frequented the Boulder college escorts I can tell you with absolute certainty that his indiscretions did NOT enhance our marriage or sex life. In fact, quite the opposite. He became increasingly arrogant and abusive, which resulted in him getting caught, getting arrested, and losing everything. As a result of losing his home and family (we have two young daughters together), he tried to kill himself. So, it’s just sad and pathetic to hear some ignorant college girl talk about the benefits she’s providing to families by screwing the husbands. Yeah she’s screwing them, just not in the ways she thinks. Log in to Reply Sydney December 26, 2012 at 1:51 am how can I get into contact with Nikki? Log in to Reply Marlene Damaro March 3, 2013 at 4:54 am Thank you for this uplifting story. From what I read in forums, it seems that many sex workers are getting exploited and only do it for the money. My experience as escort girl has been generally positive. I’m a medical student in Germany and have been doing high-priced escort work for almost 3 years. First 6 months with an agency in Switzerland and then as independent escort in Germany (and occasionally Basel and Ibiza). Prostitution is legal in most European countries. Perhaps I’m lucky that I managed to quickly build a repeat customer business, so I avoid risking negative surprises with first-time clients. My customers treat me well, are well-mannered and well-groomed and quite generous. Two or 3 dates a month are enough to finance my study and lead a comfortable life. Sure, there are downsides like leading a double-life because prostitution is stigmatized and the fear of getting exposed. It certainly is not a job for every girl, but I’m sexually liberal, like to please and be pleased by men, and I enjoy having sex. It makes me feel good when I can make my customers happy, not only by having sex but also by listening, showing understanding and giving warmth. Log in to Reply TruthTeller October 7, 2013 at 8:58 pm Believe me @anon December 5 2012…he didn’t try and kill himself because of the escorts……and if your marriage wasn’t enhanced and you are looking for a reason why then I suggest you find a mirror. Seriously Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Sponsor @The_CUI Tweets by @The_CUI Check it out: Recent Posts Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Check it out:
http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=117832541|_|Customer Support 1-866-236-8417 • Help • Get Discounts & Deals Free Gift with Orders Over $99 United States Store Training Find A Plan Nutrition Women Videos Apps United States Shop Store Home Top 50 Products Top 10 Product Lists Sales & Specials Categories Brands Goals Ingredients Shop by Popularity Whey Protein Pre-Workout Creatine Build Muscle Weight Loss Clothing Workout Accessories Just For You Order History Quick Reorder What's New Shop Women's Store Get Fit Find A Plan Weight Loss Build Muscle Workouts Exercise Database Transformations All Training Articles Get Ready BodySpace Clothing Workout Equipment Transform For Life Challenges Featured What's New Ask the Experts Motivation Tools and Trackers Get Started Men's Weight Loss Plans Men's Build Muscle Plans Women's Weight Loss Plans Women's Build Muscle Plans Fitness 360 Weight Loss Plans Fitness 360 Muscle Building Plans All Plans Plan Diet Plans Find a Supplement Plan Apps Featured What's New BodySpace Ask the Experts Fitness 360 Eat Well Diet Plans Recipes Meal Planning Supplementation Calculators Nutrition Tips All Nutrition Articles On The Go Healthy Foods & Meals Multivitamins Food Storage Featured What's New Top 50 Supplements Top 10 Protein Bars Be Active Workouts Weight Loss Build Muscle Recipes Lifestyle Transformations All Women's Articles Shop Shop Women's Store Supplements Protein Clothing Multivitamins Fat Burners Featured What's New Motivation Videos Watch Training Workouts Exercise Guides Nutrition Supplementation Motivation Women All Videos Learn Recipes Diet Plans Health & Lifestyle Featured What's New Programs Sports Be Mobile Store App B-Daily BodySpace Transformed Charlie Mike Big Man On Campus Modern Physique All Apps Get Started Find a Plan Diet Plans Find a Supplement Plan Featured BodySpace Forum Photo Gallery {{context.title || 'All'}} Cancel Today's Posts FAQ Community BodySpace BodyGroups Pictures & Albums Members List BodyBlogs Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders Who's Online Advanced Forum » More General Categories » Misc. » Escort Terms Results 1 to 10 of 10 Thread: Escort Terms Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… Search Thread   Advanced Search 07-20-2009, 09:11 PM #1 ineed$ View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: May 2007 Age: 30 Stats: 5'11", 174 lbs Posts: 4,676 BodyPoints: 6528 Rep Power: 1240 Escort Terms Thought you guys might want to know some of these terms if your ever reading something and they pop up. lol * A-Level (Anal Sex) * ABC (American Born Chinese) * ABJ (American Born Japanese) * AMP (Asian Massage Parlor) : An erotic massage establishment that primarily employs Asian prostitutes. * AAMP (Apartment Asian Massage Parlor): Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. * ASP (Adult Service Provider) * ATF (All-Time Favorite) : A particular client's favorite prostitute. * ATM (Ass to Mouth) * BBBJ (bareback blow-job): Fellatio without a condom. * BBBJTC (bare back blow job to completion) * BBBJTCIM (bare back blow job to completion in mouth) * BBBJTCWS (bare back blow job to completion with swallow) * BBBJWF (bare back blow job with facial) * BBFS (bare back full service) * BBW (Big Beautiful Woman) : A large woman, often obese. * BCD (Behind Closed Doors) : Intimate activity that occurs in private. * BFE (Boyfriend Experience) * BJ (Blowjob) * BL (Ball Licking) * BLS (Ball Licking and Sucking) * BSB (Bus Stop Babe) * CBJ (covered blow-job) : Fellatio with a condom. * CDS (covered doggy style) * CFS (covered full service) : Intercourse with a condom. * CG (cowgirl = girl on top facing you) * CHI (Chicago or CHGO) * CL (craigslist.org) * CMD (carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde) * CMT (Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse.) * CIM (come in mouth) : Prostitute allows customer to ejaculate in her mouth. * COB (Come on Breasts) * COF (Come on face): Prostitute allows customer to ejaculate on her face * DFK (deep french kissing): See GFE. * D&T : Deep and Tight * DATO (Dining at the O) : Anilingus, oral stimulation of the anus. * DATY (dining at the Y.) : Cunnilingus performed by the customer on the prostitute. * DDP (double digit penetration, vagina and anus) * DT (Deep Throat) - The recipient "swallows" the length of the penis. * DDE (doesn't do extras (PS only)) * DDG (drop dead gorgeous) * DFK (deep French kiss) * DIY (do it yourself (masturbation)) * FIV (finger in vagina) * FKK (Frei K?rper Kultur. German brothel / nudist club) * FOB (fresh off the boat. Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US) * FOV (finger outside vagina) * FBSM (Full Body Sensual Massage) : An encounter that is not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and handjob, but more services might be available. * FS (Full Service) : An encounter that includes intercourse. * GFE (girlfriend experience) : Encounter with the prostitute is more like that of two lovers than that of a prostitute providing the means for the customer's release. Often includes BBBJ, DATY, DFK, FS. * GS (Golden Shower) : Occurs with a recipient being urinated on. * HJ (handjob) : Manual stimulation of the penis. * HWP (Height/Weight Proportional) : Normal build, neither unusually slim nor heavy. * J353 : Oral stimulation and deep tongue penetration of the female's anus by the male. (from the jeans with a rear zipper) * L1 (Level one) : experience includes ejaculatory release via manual stimulation * L2 (level two) : experience includes ejaculatory release via manual and oral stimulation * L3 (Level three) : experience includes vaginal and/or anal penetration * LE (Law Enforcement). * LBFM: (Little brown ****ing machine) : US Navy - Filipino women that worked the bars around Subic Bay, many of them looking for boyfriends/husbands amongst the military men. Became a standard reference during the Vietnam war and has since come to mean any dark skinned woman in a poorer country that works in prostitution or hangs out in bars hoping to date foreigners. * LMT (Licensed Massage Therapist) : A massage provider who is licensed in the state in which she practices. * MILF (Mom I'd Like to ****) : An attractive woman in her 30's or 40's. * MFAQL : (Marry first, ask questions later) * MSOG (Multiple Shots on Goal) : The client is permitted to have more than one orgasm during the encounter. * NE (Northern Exploration) : Touching the upper part of the provider's body, typically the breasts. * NQBS (Non-Quitter, But Spitter) : Fellatio in which CIM occurs and the recipient spits the semen out. * NQNS (Non-Quitter, Non-Spitter) : Fellatio in which CIM occurs and the recipient swallows the semen. * NFS (Non-Full Service) : An encounter which does not include intercourse. * OWO (oral without) : Fellatio without a condom. * R&T (Rub and Tug) : Hand relief * PSE (Porn Star Experience) : An encounter that is wild and uninhibited. * RHG (Red Hot Gem) : A must see for return visits, way above average. * RL (Rose Leafing) : licking the anus - sometimes the prostitute uses small condom on her tongue * RMT (Registered Massage Therapist) : A massage provider who is registered in the state in which she practices. * RR (Rough-rider) : prostitute who demands a spank and goes very hard and will return your hits, and verbally abuse you to get you to ride her rough and hard. May use nails and spit too. Similar to a PSE. * SE (Southern Exploration) : Touching the lower parts of the provider's body, typically the buttocks and genitals. * SLGHCSWAP - usually describes a hobbyist who has "so little game he can't score with a pro" * STD (Sexually Transmitted Disease) * STL (Swallow the lot): Prostitute swallows all the semen * TOFTT (Took One For The Team) : A hobbyist who undertakes a session with an unknown provider, and has a bad experience. He "takes one for the team" in order that others may benefit from his knowledge (shared in a review.) * TS (Transexual) : An individual who undergoes gender reassignment surgery. * TS (Table Shower) : An activity in which the client lies on a raised table, and is washed by an attendant. Usually found at AMPs. * TUMA (Tongue Up My Ass): Oral stimulation of the anus involving pressing the tongue into the anus-usually accomplished in conjunction with "rimming" (see below). * TV (Transvestite) : A man who dresses to appear as a woman. * YMMV (Your Mileage May Vary) : A catch phrase which signifies that each encounter may very well be different. * 50/50 (or "half and half") : Oral sex to stimulate the male followed by intercourse Jargon * Asian : Oral sex on the anus of either sex (aka Rimming or Around-the-World). * Cat Bath : Licks all over ones body - back and front * Clockwatcher : A term for a provider who counts the minutes until the session is over. Usually used to describe a provider who rushes and does not enjoy her work. * Cowgirl : Intercourse with the female astride the male. * Deep throat : Fellatio where the whole length of the penis is held in the prostitute's mouth and throat. * Doggie Style : Intercourse position where woman is on her hands and knees, and the man enters her from behind. * French : Oral sex. * Greek : Anal sex. * Full service : Sexual intercourse. * Hobbyist : A client of a prostitute. * In-call : Client visits the prostitute. * Jane : Female client of a prostitute. * John : Male client of a prostitute. * Out-call : Prostitute visits the client. * Provider : Prostitute. * Review : A written description of an encounter, usually on a website. * Rimming : Colloquialism oral-anal-sex, technically known as anilingus. * Russian : Simulated intercourse with the penis between the woman's breasts. * Spanish : Prostitute stimulates the penis between her breasts. * Spinner : A prostitute of small stature and petite proportions, typically less than 5'-4" and 110 lbs. * Upsell : A situation in which the provider asks for further renumeration after the sexual activities begin. 07-20-2009, 09:12 PM #2 Howiester View Profile View Forum Posts hamsterbrah Join Date: Nov 2008 Location: California, United States Stats: 5'9", 185 lbs Posts: 20,424 Rep Power: 72452 in b4 clive. 07-20-2009, 09:15 PM #3 BlitzKrag View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: Feb 2009 Stats: 5'9", 167 lbs Posts: 2,210 Rep Power: 0 I'm 12 and what is this? 09-17-2010, 11:38 AM #4 ineed$ View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: May 2007 Age: 30 Stats: 5'11", 174 lbs Posts: 4,676 BodyPoints: 6528 Rep Power: 1240 bumb 09-17-2010, 11:40 AM #5 CarlMcGuirk View Profile View Forum Posts DINK (not the penor kind) Join Date: Jul 2010 Location: Pennsylvania, United States Stats: 6'3", 236 lbs Posts: 17,142 Rep Power: 14701 AIDS: what you're gonna get 09-17-2010, 11:43 AM #6 datboigene View Profile View Forum Posts Visit Homepage God's got my back (srs) Join Date: Jun 2009 Age: 27 Posts: 15,119 Rep Power: 20332 Originally Posted by CarlMcGuirk AIDS: what you're gonna get True that Robbery: When a john goes to the prostitute and gets beaten and money stolen by Ray Ray or Jamaal.. usually a black guy is the person taking the money from the John 09-17-2010, 11:45 AM #7 Otaman View Profile View Forum Posts In Perpetual Cut Mode Join Date: Apr 2009 Location: Canada Stats: 5'10", 175 lbs Posts: 11,755 Rep Power: 23151 that's illegal 09-17-2010, 11:50 AM #8 Big_Carphuna View Profile View Forum Posts Chupacabra Supreme! Join Date: Jan 2010 Age: 41 Stats: 6'0", 205 lbs Posts: 6,693 Rep Power: 3071 In b4 Bateman. 978 (Lowell, MA) checking in. ^^^()()CTPUMP CREW()()**Master Chief**^^^ +United Misc Front+ ----COME AT US!---- 09-17-2010, 11:51 AM #9 JoeAmerican View Profile View Forum Posts Banned Join Date: Sep 2010 Age: 36 Posts: 77 Rep Power: 0 Originally Posted by datboigene True that Robbery: When a john goes to the prostitute and gets beaten and money stolen by Ray Ray or Jamaal.. usually a black guy is the person taking the money from the John LMAO: When poster quoted above writes this sh*t 09-17-2010, 11:56 AM #10 CementPizza View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: Jan 2002 Location: Littleton, Colorado, United States Stats: 5'11", 288 lbs Posts: 35,176 Rep Power: 29693 In b4 Maldorax I am sex ur butt. Cement Pizza doesn't afraid of doing your mom. RIP: Hector Bluntz Quick Navigation Misc. Top Site Areas Settings Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Forums Main Forums Supplements Product Reviews - Help Out! Supplement Logs Sponsored Supplement Logs Company Promotion Supplement Misc. Supplement Wars! Workout Equipment Workout Programs Workout Journals Olympic Lifting Exercises Injury Recovery And Prevention Nutrition Nutrition Logs Nutrition Misc Keto Keto Logs Keto Recipes Losing Fat Losing Fat Logs Specifically For You Teen Bodybuilding Teen Misc. Teen Workout Logs Over Age 35 Over 35 Workout Journals Over 35 Misc Female Bodybuilding Journaling Female Misc. Company Promotion Powerlifting/Strongman Powerlifting Workouts - Training Journals Powerlifting Video Library Personal Trainers Section More General Categories Post Your Pictures and Introduce Yourself Sports Training Sports Training Journals Professional Bodybuilding Men's Physique Contest Prep and Competition Discussion Contest Prep Journals Motivation Misc. Gaming and Technology Sports Fantasy Sports Education/Career/Finance WWE Wrestling Forum MMA Fighting Automotive and Motorsport Religion and Politics Relationships and Relationship Help Support & Feedback Board & Feature Requests Post Your Own Articles! Moderator Application Form BodySpace Profiles And BodyBlogs « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Bookmarks Bookmarks Digg del.icio.us StumbleUpon Google Facebook Twitter Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules -- BBcom 2014 -- BBcom 2014 Mobile -- BBcom Black Contact Us Bodybuilding.com Archive Top Need Help? Help Center Email Support Live Chat Gift Certificates Send Us Feedback Orders & Shipping Order Status Returns/Exchanges Shipping Support United States Connect With Us Join Our Newsletter Be the first to receive exciting news, features, and special offers from Bodybuilding.com! Careers Terms of Use About Us Site Map Advertise With Us Affiliates Help Â© 2016 Bodybuilding.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Bodybuilding.comâ  and BodySpaceÂ® are trademarks of Bodybuilding.com, LLC. Â©  Bodybuilding.com,  5777 N. Meeker Ave.  Boise ID  83713  USA  1-866-236-8417
http://gawker.com/5015610/escorts-say-theeroticreviewcom-founders-arrest-could-change-paid-sex-industry|_|Related Blogs Antiviral Art The Best Restaurant in New York Blackbag Defamer Disputations Documents Dodgeandburn Dog Domesticity Drugs Fine Vining Fortress America FrenchGawker Weird Internet Interviews Justice Morning After PhaseZero Politburo Rankings Gawker Review of Books Sausage Slowgawker Sony Hack One Man's Take The Cuck Themachines The Vane The West tktk True Stories Valleywag Escorts say TheEroticReview.com founder's arrest could change paid-sex industry 33.66K Melissa Gira Grant 06/13/08 09:00AM Filed to: sex trade sex trade The Erotic Review Dave Elms Valleywag This image was lost some time after publication. Private sex-industry message boards are buzzing with stories of how Dave Elms, the now-jailed founder of TheEroticReview.com, removed reviews of escorts who refused to offer him free sex in exchange for maintaining their good standing on his influential site. In an interview with Valleywag, Nancy, an escort in California who says she relies on TheEroticReview for the bulk of her clientele, says she continues to use Elms's site even though she has "seen his 'work' of persuading girls to come and service him" to maintain the presence of the reviews critical to their business. Independent traveling escort Ashley is one of the thousands of providers whose services have been reviewed on TheEroticReview. She had a run-in with Elms two months ago, when she asked that he change her name on the website to throw off a stalker. Elms took this opportunity to make his own pitch: "He said I'd make more money if I flew to Los Angeles," says Ashley. "He said I should come work out of the Sheraton LAX, and then come and see him at his home." She says Elms continued to call her every day for a week, insisting he knew how to run her business best — and that meant sleeping with him. She declined, and later found her reviews removed from TER. Last week, after she heard that Elms had been jailed, she attempted to post a warning to escorts and clients on the board, but it was blocked by administrators and her account was disabled. "Those moderators, they do it for free to get to the girls," says Ashley. "They sit there all day on the site and bash you and then say if you want to post there [to advertise] you have to pay them!" Elms is unlikely to face charges over these allegations of abuse. "He is versed in what the law says," Nancy explains. "He knew exactly what he could get away with and did it for a long time. In fact he could have continued getting girls to service him," had he not been jailed. Of the escorts who came to me with their stories, none were nearly so concerned with retaliation from Elms as they were with the scrutiny of law enforcement and the safety of online escort advertising services. One former escort described what it took for her and her business to survive: Having sex extorted from her, not by Elms, but by police claiming to be investigating her. Nancy believes Elms will never be investigated for his business built on advertising prostitution: "I think that our society and our court system is much too conservative. The fact is we are talking about some scumbag who owns a website and a bunch of hookers who want 'justice' for being sexually extorted and mistreated. I don't know that the good 'ol boys would go for that myself." And the fate of TER? In the last week, since Elms has been in jail, Ashley says she's seen three new clients — two from San Francisco — for $1,000 dinner appointments. She says they all found her through years-old message posts remaining on TER, even though she is currently not allowed to post herself. "One of the San Francisco guys was so smart and unbelievable ... I emailed him to say, you have too much going on for you, stay away from TER." Wishful thinking: "TER is the industry standard for men seeking providers," says Nancy. "There is no other that comes close. Reviews are what fuel the industry." Will Elms's arrest change that? Not so long as other clients-turned-entrepreneurs can start their own escort-review sites. "I don't advertise anywhere," says Nancy. "All the business i get is solely based on reviews. Keeping this in mind you can imagine what kind of power Mr. Elms has had." And what power there may to be grab, if this arrest spells the demise of his career in the sex trade. When Elms told Ashley, "I can show you the business if you come stay with me," she replied, "I don't need you to. I'm going to start my own website for the girls so we didn't need boards like yours." Terms of Service Privacy Policy
http://sensesprivateclub.com/the-girlfriend-experience/|_|1-(809)-760-0150 Signup Login Senses Private Club Adult Vacations With Beautiful Escorts Home About Why Senses? Our Retreat Gallery Rates News Contact The Girlfriend Experience – Enjoy The Perfect GFE April 27, 2015 by Adley S. Tired of not getting the Girlfriend Experience you deserve? As a male, you pretty much have the keys to the western world in your back pocket. Hell, as a male you pretty much have the keys to the entire planet, should you choose to use them. I’m sure a great many of my fellow women are lining up right now to give me a few solid whacks on the head, so I’d like to balance out that less than politically correct truth by saying that as men you also have your fair share of sexism to deal with. For example, who decided that because you are ‘guys’ you should be comfortable peeing next to each other in public? Who decided that showing emotion was unmanly? Perhaps most importantly, who decided that you guys didn’t need romance and affection to be happy? Nowhere is gender politics cloudier than when it comes to sex. Those dastardly gender roles are still sitting proudly on their thrones, ensuring that all women want a cuddle after sex (not true) and that all men just want to roll over and go to sleep (also not true).  Men are expected to be animalistic – to crave it like beasts and to look at the whole process of sex as an emotionless, self-satisfying venture. Unfortunately, large parts of the adult entertainment industry and even the sex trade are geared toward this myth. This leaves many men who actually respond emotionally as well as physically to sex distinctly unsatisfied. Where do sensitive, intelligent guys go for a good time? If you’ve ever hired an escort for an evening, this ‘cut and dry’ attitude is brought into the spotlight.  In general, the providers you hire have strict rules against anything even remotely resembling emotional response. Sex is treated as a service no more intimate than a dental exam. What if you’re one of the growing number of successful men who use escorts and need a sense of intimacy to truly enjoy sex?  What if you actually need to kiss…hell, want to kiss in order to feel aroused. What if you want a back rub, to hold hands, to sit on the couch and make out like a teenager? Is that so wrong? Welcome to the Girlfriend Experience (GFE) More and more, successful men who don’t have the time or energy in their daily lives to pursue actual relationships are looking for escorts who excel in what is known in the industry as a GFE. Unlike traditional interactions where sex and money is exchanged with equal detachment, escorts who excel at GFE will give their clients a real relationship experience for the time that they are hired for. What does this mean? Think of all the good parts of being in a relationship and then take away the commitment, the silly fights and the need to take her home to meet your parents. Women who provide this service to their clients will take the time to get to know them, have full conversations, hold hands, kiss (with tongue!), cuddle and even spend the night. For men who respond better to intimacy and affection, finding an escort who excels at the Girlfriend Experience is like stumbling across the Holy Grail. Getting the most out of your GFE One of the best things about a girlfriend experience is the fact that both provider and client enjoy the interaction much more. Professional escorts with a roster of clients who ask for this brand of experience rate their level of job satisfaction much higher than those who provide traditional, interactions. They are treated with respect, they are listened to and they are showered with the kind of attention that both men and women crave from each other. Although any professional who excels at GFE will know what to do to ‘set the tone’, there are things that you can do to enhance your experience as well.  Like any woman, she will respond to you much better if you take the time to ask her questions about herself and really listen to her responses.  Yes she is a paid professional, but she is human and wants to be heard. Along the same lines, you should consider giving her a gift or two the more time you spend with her.  This doesn’t mean picking up some flowers at a local gas station either. When you actually get to know her, choose a thoughtful gift that relates to her interests and one that will impress a woman who makes the kind of substantial income she no doubt does. Unlike most escort/ client interactions, the girlfriend experience generally includes deep French kissing, oral sex for men and women as well as intercourse and even anal depending on the provider. When it comes to kissing – let her lead the way.  Kissing is a touchy area for escorts and being the gentleman you are by allowing her to take the upper hand will be greatly appreciated. The same goes for oral. Some providers include BBBJ (bare back blow jobs i.e./unprotected oral) as part of the girl friend experience but don’t assume this is the case with your chosen companion.  Always be prepared and as previously mentioned…let her lead.  Allowing her to gain confidence and trust in you will truly bring out the ‘girlfriend’ in her and make for a much more satisfying experience for both of you. Once you’ve found the perfect girlfriend experience, it can grow into a beautiful arrangement. Why not invite her on a resort weekend? Whisk her away for a tropical holiday? Yes, you’ll be paying for her company but one of the most marvelous things about it is that when you part ways, there are no complications to drag either of you down. You owe each other nothing but respect and mutual enjoyment when you are together. It is truly the ideal situation for any busy man with no desire for commitment, but the basic human need for companionship. Just like your chosen escort is not an inhuman sex robot, you are not some kind of heartless 1950’s stereotype. In the same way that she deserves respect, you deserve to have your needs met in a way that doesn’t make you feel like you don’t warrant real human interaction. If you are the girlfriend experience kind of guy, there is an entire world of fulfillment waiting for you.  Just grab an expensive bouquet of flowers, put your listening ears on and get out there! Share this Filed Under: Blog About Adley S. I'm an avid reader and photographer with a tendency to color outside the lines. You may find me in a bookstore, a museum, or jumping out of an airplane (preferably naked) . I'm into adventure sports and almost anything to do with being outside in nature. Latest News How To Master First Time Sex Like A Pro You don't have to lose your mojo during first time sex. So, you’ve finally made … [Read More...] Find Adventure During Your Senses Vacation Experience So you want some adventure in your vacation experience? We understand that you … [Read More...] Client Information Why Choose Senses? The Ideal Guest (PLEASE READ) 5 Lies Adult Resorts Use To Boost Reservations Adult Vacation Checklist Best Hacks For Cheap Flights To The DR About Us FAQs Contact Contact Us Business Hours Monday - Friday 9am - 9pm Weekends 10am - 6pm Phone: 809-760-0150 info@sensesprivateclub.com Return to top of page Copyright © 2016 · Dynamik Website Builder on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in Home About Why Senses? Our Retreat Rates News FAQs Contact Webmasters Note : All services we provide are in compliance with the laws and regulations of the Dominican Republic. Should you decide to use our services from this website, you will be paying for your all-inclusive adult vacation and guided travel services only. Senses Private Club is a "private" club and we reserve the right to deny anyone use of our travel services. © 2005-2016 Senses Private Club CLOSE CLOSE
http://sfladies.com/|_|(415) 004-2727 Navigation SFLadies Home Primary Menu Home SF Escorts FAQ Contact Return to Content Home San Francisco escorts have no finer home than at SFLadies.com, your first and best stop to book an escort in the San Francisco Bay Area. SFLadies.com offers you complete discretion and consistent fulfillment of each and every assignment. If you have dreamed of spending time with an incredibly lovely, beautiful, desirable woman, who knows how to conduct herself in any social situation, and yet you don’t have the time or inclination to comb through an endless number of prospective dates in order to find the right one, we are the escort service for you. When you book one of our luscious San Franciscan ladies, you get beautiful feminine companionship when you want it, for exactly the length of time you require, with nothing extra and no strings attached. You do not have to worry that our girls will make demands on you, that they will bring to your interaction any kind of drama or emotional baggage, or that they will ask anything of you other than that you have a good time. Its no wonder why the Bay Area comes to SFLadies.com for the hottest, most professional, and most amazing escorts San Francisco has to offer. Angel Zoey Dana Lana Siren Bethany Phoenix Thea Kristy Shawna Willow Ireland Lori Andrea Journey Tiffany Gemma Janie Tessa Kelly Candi Alice Joana Heidi At SFLadies.com, our professional entertainers will see to it that your only responsibility is to relax and enjoy your time together in the Bay Area. Bask in the warm glow of a date, a social occasion, a work function, or any other scenario in which you might like charming, attractive female companionship without stress. When you can relax and enjoy your time with one of our ladies with no other worries and no other concerns, you will realize just what you have been missing all this time. When you have finally booked time with one of our San Francisco escorts, you will be forever spoiled for inferior conventional, traditional dating. Dating our lovely ladies will ruin the act of “normal” dating for you, showing you what a truly enjoyable, relaxing, and fun time your date spent with our professional entertainers can be. Stop going the “long way around” when it comes to meeting beautiful women, and start making the most fulfilling memories of your life when you take our San Francisco escorts out on the town. Our San Francisco escorts can handle any situation you throw at them. Do you want to get to know your young lady a little better, and spend some quiet time with her at your home or in your hotel? She would be happy to spend time with you that way. Are you more interested in a traditional night out on the town, for dinner, drinks, and dancing, perhaps at a trendy nightclub here in San Francisco? Well, our lovely ladies are up for that, too, and in fact, it is that kind of social activity in which they truly shine. The lifestyle of a San Francisco escort is undeniably one of non-stop partying and fun, so our girls quickly become adept at how to show a man a great time. Perhaps, though, you need beautiful female companionship for a more specific occasion. Do you want to wow your coworkers, clients, or boss by showing up at a work function or business convention with a complete stunner on your arm? Our young ladies can do that for you, and they know just how to behave in any social situation. They can be sophisticated on command, they can be casual when appropriate, and they can be formal when required. Do you have a family function or other social event for which you need a date? Maybe you’re tired of your parents or extended family always asking you when you’re going to meet someone. Or maybe you just want to impress the gang at your high school reunion by showing them just how you roll and what kind of women you are capable of getting. Well, our lovely ladies know just how to do that for you, and they will be more than happy to play along and make you look great for the audience of your choice. Still not convinced that you should book with us? There are a number of reasons that booking a San Francisco escort is the best choice you will make for your romantic, personal, and even professional lives. Dating our girls does wonders for your confidence, your self-esteem, your image in the eyes of others, the perception of you from the perspective of coworkers, colleagues and superiors… and booking a San Francisco escort is a no-strings and extremely efficient, cost-effective means of fulfilling your desire for feminine companionship while not breaking your budget or wasting your time. The fact is, dating our girls is a much better value for your money than traditional dating… and a much better experience for you. Dating On Your Schedule and At Your Pace Let’s be completely honest: Dating, at least dating the old, traditional way, is not a very time-efficient way to spend your off hours. The average man works very hard, and he has only a few hours per day to himself if he’s lucky. Very busy men who put in extra time during the week may have only an hour or two to call their own, and any time they spend out for an evening means time taken from their sleep schedules. The average man typically has more free time on the weekends, but these are a precious two days compared to the other five, and there are endless demands on his time that might eat away at these weekend hours. What all this means is that every precious hour of leisure that a man wastes is one he is never getting back, and he does not have so many to begin with that he can afford to waste any. Before he knows it, it is back to the daily grind, waiting and working for the weekend, wondering how little time he will get to himself before the cycle begins all over again. In traditional dating, you have to first find a place to meet women, which can itself be a lengthy process. You go to singles bars, or you attend “mingle” type events, or you engage in the farce that is online dating. All of these take a great deal of time. Meeting women in bars means spending a lot of time sitting and buying drinks, waiting and looking, trying to strike up conversations (many of which go nowhere). Attending mingles events is even worse, as you meet a lot of desperate people who have not been able to make a go of their relationships in other aspects of their life. You’re basically collecting the leftovers, and it rarely leads to anything positive. Internet dating is even worse, as you spend a lot of time just trying to get people to respond to your messages. The typical woman on an Internet dating site, if she is at all attractive, has an inbox stuffed full of messages from men eager for her attention. She can pick and choose from among these, which mea ns your own message might never be open and read, much less responded to. And what do all the hours wasted on an Internet dating site, updating your profile and sending messages to young women, usually amount to? Absolutely nothing, that’s what. You spend all that time, invest all those hours, and you have nothing to show for them when you are done. Even when you do successfully get the attention of a woman for traditional, conventional dating, the process is never quick or easy. You spend your time going out on dates where you are essentially being auditioned for the position of boyfriend. The success or failure of every date falls on you, and of course you must conform to her schedule, even if this is not convenient for you. You waste hours trying to secure another date with her, and another after that, and ultimately, she may decide on a whim or for the most superficial of reasons that things simply aren’t working out for you two. The time wasted in all these dating activities is incredible. It is time you never get back and, worse, it is time that you spent that produced nothing, so it causes you future harm by forcing you to spend even more of your leisure hours making up for that lack of productivity. When you book a San Francisco escort, you are getting the absolute most efficient use of your time. We cut right through all the red tape and wasted time that typically characterizes the early stages of meeting a woman, trying to get her attention, securing a date with her, and trying to persuade her to go out on follow-up dates. When you book with us, you simply contact us and let us know what you are looking for. We coordinate your schedule with that of a suitable young lady who meets your needs, preferences, and likes… and then the two of you go out at precisely the time you have scheduled, for precisely the duration of your choosing. Dating a San Francisco escort thus exactly fits into your schedule with no wasted time and with no unnecessary hassles. Imagine finally being able to go out on a date that contains no wasted time. Imagine being able to go out with a beautiful woman who understands that your time has value and who doesn’t want the date to go over the time you have allotted for it. Are you tired of the way the typical date treats you… as if you are a cash machine and magic genie all wrapped up in an easy to criticize package? Our lovely ladies will not only treat you with the respect you deserve, but they will make sure that you are relaxed, happy, and satisfied with your dating experience. No Strings, No Drama, No Baggage Men who date all have something in common: They can all tell horror stories about the dates they have been on that have gone horribly wrong. They can also share with you multiple stories about girlfriends, lovers, and even spouses who went absolutely crazy and gave them no end of trouble. You don’t have to look far to find a man who can tell you about the insanely jealous ex-girlfriend who keyed his car or went after his current love in retaliation. No imagine you can spend time with beautiful women and not have to worry about any of that. You don’t have to get to know their families. You don’t have to endure their family drama. You don’t have to hear their problems. You don’t have to try and solve those problems for them, or be the knight in shining armor who always comes to the rescue. Our girls will subject you to none of this, because they will not come to you with their troubles and they will bring none of their drama or baggage to your time with them. Dating just got a lot easier… and we think you’ll see that this is definitely the better way. Why get entangled with a woman who will only drag you down and involve you in everything she’s got going on, in that endless cycle of problems an drama that every woman (who is not a professional entertainer) seems to surround herself with all the time? We think you’ll find that dating one of our escorts, spending time with one of our girls, is the most hassle-free alternative available. You don’t have to give up on spending time in the company of women. You don’t even have to give up on spending time with very beautiful women. In fact, the women we have on staff are, we will wager, much more beautiful than the average girl you are accustomed to dating (if that’s not the case, then we salute you, sir). Going out with our girls is the best way to get what you want while dealing with nothing you don’t. Our San Francisco escorts are simply the best alternative in feminine companionship, without doubt, bar none. Spend Less Money for a Better Experience Another fact about traditional dating is that it simply is not cost-effective. It is possible to waste a tremendous amount of money on dating the conventional way. First, you have to spend money finding girls to date. This means spending a large amount of money on drinks and food while spending time in bars and eateries and coffee shops. Anywhere that women gather, anywhere that it is possible to meet them, you will find you’ll likely be pouring money out of your wallet while you’re there. If you engage in online dating, especially among the more “action oriented” sites, you could conceivably spend a lot of money on memberships, too. If you really want to be able to get in touch with the most available women, you’ll have to shell out big bucks every month for a premium membership. While discounts are available for multiple months, that runs into serious bucks when you purchase the membership… and you still have no guarantee that you’re going to meet anyone suitable. It’s a huge waste of money unless you get lucky. Once you’ve managed to attract a woman, of course, you’ve got to shell out even MORE money, as you concentrate on trying to impress your date and secure follow-up dates. So now you’re pouring out more money in the form of drinks, cover charges, fancy restaurant meals, and even high-priced items like tickets to the theater and other high-cost propositions. You’re doing all this just to look like a high-roller for this woman (or women) who may not have any real interest in you, at the end of the day. They could each decide after you’ve bought them countless meals and drinks, and taken them to great plays and shows, that they really just “aren’t that in to you.” So you could spend a fortune and have nothing to show for it by the time you’re done. This is unacceptable to most men when it comes to almost anything else… yet we’ve come to accept that this is just the way dating is done. Why would you do that to yourself? Why would you ever tolerate it? And why would you waste your hard-earned money on such a system? When you book a San Francisco escort, you are getting a much better return on your money. The money you spend booking your San Francisco escort secures her time with you for precisely when you book her and for how long you book her. You skip past all of the time and money-wasting pursuit of a woman that happens at the beginning of the traditional, conventional dating process, and you move right ahead to the much better part of things, the “good part” where you are now in the company of a lovely lady who is focused on you and making you happy. This is the best possible outcome for any date, much less a date spent with a professional entertainer. It changes everything and is, in the long term, much more affordable and cost-effective than the traditional way of dating. Stop torturing yourself. Stop denying yourself. Stop telling yourself that the way things have always been done is the right way, no matter how much money you waste. Instead, put your cash to better use and book a San Francisco escort today. Look Better In the Eyes of Others There is something about a beautiful woman that just screams value, taste, money, power, and influence. In other words, when you see a man who has the attention of a beautiful girl, you automatically think good things about him, don’t you? You assume he must be great in bed, or that he must have a winning personality, or that he must be a “player” with great skills when it comes to meeting and picking up women. You assume that he may have a great deal of money, and thus that he must enjoy a lot of success and be very good at whatever he does for a living. You may not be sure what quality such a man has, but you are convinced that he possesses those qualities in abundance, or he would not be in the company of such a gorgeous girl. Talent like that, you reason, would only spend time with a man if he was worth spending time on. Right? Well, when you book one of our gorgeous San Francisco escorts and take her out on the town, when you go to a night club or a restaurant, when you go to a work function or a business convention, the people who see you there don’t know she’s an escort and don’t know that you have contracted for her time. All they see is a stunning young woman who is spending time with you. They can only wonder what it is about you that has attracted such a woman, and as they wonder, they will naturally start filling in the blanks. Rest assured that no matter what their speculation, they will be thinking things that truly flatter you. This is human nature. When you book one of our San Francisco escorts, therefore, you are setting yourself up for success. You are showing the world that you are the sort of person that beautiful women spend time with. Anyone who sees you will raise their estimation of your value accordingly. You will wow anyone who sees you. Don’t Wait; Book A San Francisco Escort Today Every hour you don’t book a San Francisco escort is an hour you are denying yourself the best dating experience of your life. Our girls will show you just how wonderful feminine companionship can be. Our professional entertainers are waiting to give you memories that will last a lifetime. Let us show you how wonderful dating can truly be. Let us spoil you forever and ruin traditional dating in a way that you will thank us for. Our wonderful ladies will treat you with respect and help you enjoy yourself. Contact us today and book your San Francisco escort for whatever length of time you require. Navigation Home About Us Contact Us FAQ San Francisco Escorts Terms of Service Privacy Policy Secure Payments All payments are processed 100% securely and we always accept cash or any major credit cards. Credit card billing statements will show a discrete billing name for your own privacy. Please contact us with any questions. Contact Us SFLadies.com SF Ladies, LLC 174 Mission St San Francisco, CA 94105 (415) 004-2727 Copyright © 2015 SFLadies. All Rights Reserved. Designed by SFLadies.
http://titsandsass.com/from-an-industry-to-a-hobby-how-review-boards-have-changed-our-work/|_|About Us Site Policies Contact Us Contribute Facebook Subscribe Twitter Feed Sex Workers Are Tired of Your Literal Shit My Feeble Attempt at Writing About Drake’s Strip Club What Does Amalia Ulman’s Instagram Art Mean for Sex Workers? On Survival So Long, Gawker, Thanks For the Coverage and the Bylines Dear Tits and Sass: Boundaries Tits and Sass From an Industry to A Hobby: How Review Boards Have Changed Our Work by Serpent Libertine on May 27, 2013 · 44 comments in Clients, Prostitution, This Time, It's Personal The good old days: 2007 Village Voice print escort ads, shortly before the monopoly of the review boards (courtesy of the Design Observatory Group) When I first started working as an escort in this industry, review boards did not exist. The internet was not as widely used as it is now and I worked for agencies that advertised in the phone book or in local papers. We didn’t even have to post photos of ourselves in a public forum; some operator just described our looks and personality over the phone and clients took their chance at booking us. Business was hit or miss, but I liked the anonymity. Though I heard more and more escorts were using online advertising to promote themselves, I was late to the game. My old way of working didn’t yield me as much revenue as other workers, but it protected my privacy. And then finally the gig was up. I had to change with the times and start advertising online or I would have virtually no business. But I didn’t want a website. And I definitely didn’t want reviews. I first became aware of escort review sites when I read an article about the Big Doggie debacle of 2002 and even then, I still didn’t quite understand what the website was. Upon visiting TBD for the first time, it looked like a confusing mess of ads and message boards, none of which I could access. Sometime later I found out about The Erotic Review, mostly from the controversy stemming from its founder Dave Elms and the various charges that were brought against him. Either way, I wanted nothing to do with either site. As someone who had already experienced arrest once before while working, I couldn’t believe any escort would want a detailed description of a session with a client posted online for anyone to read, providing law enforcement with another tool to prove their guilt in prostitution cases. Oh sure, the  disclaimer stated that the reviews were for “entertainment purposes only”, but when escorts got “fake” reviews, they were sure to raise holy hell about it and complain to the site administrators to have it removed, which is a daunting process in itself. Then I got one. A fake review, that is. Yes, my first review was a fake review. It described me as having blond hair (not at that time),fake boobs (I wish) and doing a session I don’t recall booking, but I couldn’t read the rest because I wasn’t a “VIP” member. It was just a fluke that I found it as I never looked at TER, but I was bored one night and there it was, linked to my phone number and email address. I didn’t know what action to take–I didn’t know if I even could take action. Then a friend who was well-versed in the review system told me I could write the TER administrators and have the review pulled, which they did. But that request also got me banned from having a profile on the site, either to place ads or comment on the message boards. At the time, I didn’t care much about this. A sample TER escort review screenshot Then things started to change in my world. I started to hang out with more escorts and attend “meet and greet” parties for escorts and clients,where folks would talk about “the boards” (the discussion boards on TER) and ask if I had reviews, where I advertised, and how long I’d been working. Turns out I’d been escorting for a while but because I didn’t use “the boards,” I was virtually unknown in this community and thought of as a newbie, which wasn’t necessarily a bad thing. In casual conversation, other ladies would refer to clients by their TER handles. Some were even good friends with the board moderators, who wielded a lot of power. The previous year, several of them even attended the funeral of a hobbyist, a popular presence on the local board who used to write naughty limericks and was well-liked by many local escorts and clients. To this day, they still refer to him as his TER handle, never by his first name. It seemed to be a real community, something I wished I could’ve found years earlier before I got involved with sex worker activism. I also started to get more reviews, unbeknownst to me as I thought I had been delisted. I advertised strictly for massage at the time (but did escort sessions for regular clients and those I felt comfortable with) and while my reviews were good, the numerical ratings for my performance were limited due to the acts I wouldn’t perform. I had no idea about any of this until a good client tried to post an outstanding review for me and had it rejected because the rating was not on par with previous reviews. He pushed through and got it posted, but not without lamenting on the boards about what a fucked up system it was. Then it happened again. A client that I had a fantastic session with had posted a review that was rejected because he had to find a way to prove that I was “really bi” because I don’t do anal, acts that could warrant a higher rating on the site. As per site rules—”An escort provider may only be eligible to earn up to a 7, unless she is also willing to perform the following during a session: Kisses With Tongue, Bare-Back Blow Job, Really Bi, Anal Sex, or More than One Guy. The addition of each offering will raise the score she is eligible for by one point,” with the best rating being a 10 for a “once in a lifetime” session, down to a 1 for a “ripoff.” So if the provider only does erotic massage sessions, the highest performance rating she could get is a 7. Same thing with most pro-domme sessions. Once again, the front page of the site states “everything contained here is fiction and is for your entertainment and amusement only,” so why have a rating system that scores higher points for a provider if a reviewer can “prove” he committed certain acts with her if it’s all supposedly fictional? Yes, I’m aware that they make that disclosure statement for legal reasons, but the hypocrisy of it is still so preposterous. This got me thinking back to the pre-review days when you could refuse to perform a certain act that you were uncomfortable with, and usually, that was fine. If the client was upset about it he might not see you again, but you didn’t have to read about it a few days later. Blow jobs always required a condom (CBJ), deep french kissing (DFK), was reserved for clients that were super-cute, and Greek was rarely on the menu. Nowadays, escorts are pushed to perform acts that make them uncomfortable, all for the sake of getting that 10 point review. I think this blurs the lines of consent: are escorts performing certain acts that are out of their comfort zone because they want to or because they are fearful of getting a less than stellar review that might affect their business? It’s not to say that good reviews can’t help an escort’s business, but much like the Yelp! review system for mainstream businesses, this review system has flaws. Fake reviews are harder and harder to get removed these days, stories proliferate of guys writing poor reviews to get back at escorts for whatever reason, and review board owners sometimes lower the review scores of escorts who won’t fuck them for free. The first time an escort friend of mine got a mediocre review, she started sobbing in her hotel room, damning the last minute appointment she took with the guy who showed up late and had to be rushed out the door, resulting in a bad experience for him. I tried to console her in every way possible, saying the reviews were an offensive, ridiculous practice and that she had dozens of glowing reviews to offset that last one, but she was convinced it would destroy her business. Another time, I sat having cocktails with three other escorts who were obsessed with talking about their review scores, talking up their 9s and 10s as if this point system were the only thing that proved their value as sex workers . Sample TER escort review screenshot The guys who write reviews call themselves “hobbyists,” a term I had never heard before these review sites popped up. Some of them proudly identify with the title, but here’s the deal—there are “hobbyists” and then there are clients. Hobbyists are generally not good clients. They’re not the guys that we want to cultivate into regulars, the ones who we make a connection with, who treat us like queens. They’re the guys who want to see a different girl every week or two so they can write a review and get their 15 day free VIP membership. They make promises like “I will repeat” in their reviews, but they rarely do, as they can’t review the same person again, so they move on to the next escort. My best clients, my regulars, the ones who take me out on the town and spend all night with me, don’t write reviews. A few admit to reading them, but none of them write them. Sometimes these hobbyists go into shock when they see that a provider doesn’t have any reviews, not realizing that there’s a whole world of men out there who don’t read or write reviews or even know about the existence of these review boards. Nowadays, there’s review sites for nearly every aspect of the industry—from Pro-dommes and subs, massage parlor workers, strippers, streetwalkers, and of course, escorts. The conversations that transpire among hobbyists on some of these review sites oftentimes range from junior high banter littered with talk about “hookers” and “how to weed out fat and ugly providers” to the nearly indecipherable posts strewn with acronyms (BBBJCIMNQNS, MSOG, DATY, DT, DS, FF, etc.) that even Urban Dictionary can’t always interpret. While most of it is just annoying nonsense, much of it is offensive enough to fuel the prohibitionists’ fire in characterizing all johns as predators who need to be punished. Earlier this year, one grad student from the University of Chicago even did a research study  on the USA Sex Guide (one of the more detestable yet comprehensive review boards)  called “Our Great Hobby” (Manson, Mann, Marro, Matvey), in which it was determined that “many of the men blame women for enticing them to buy sex.” While it seems questionable that monitoring two months of message board posts from anonymous users would qualify as research that properly characterizes all men who buy sexual services, it does show that outsiders are taking notice of these websites and using the information gained from them to try to take down the industry as a whole. (I won’t even touch on the campaign that’s littering the streets of Chicago right now.) This isn’t to say I’m slamming all sex worker review boards. I understand many workers absolutely loathe the boards but I’m also aware they serve a purpose. I’ve talked to many clients over the years who’ve been scammed by sex workers who took their money and ran, did a bait and switch, or provided a poor experience. There’s also the fact that the spread of End Demand ideology nationwide has caused LE to ramp up arrests of johns, so they need to be wary of undercover cops posing as escorts. I get that these guys need to have a venue to check on someone and see if they’re a legitimate provider who will provide them with the type of experience that they’re looking for. I also understand that many providers find these sites to be helpful for their business, and that they provide a forum for them to connect with other workers. The boards offer a community for both sex workers and clients that wasn’t present when I first started in the industry. All that aside, they are also a sexist and demeaning forum for hobbyists to engage one another in locker room behavior without having to confront anyone face to face. One bad date on what might be an off day can potentially ruin a provider’s business, and most sites don’t allow any forum for rebuttal. Still, reviews and review sites have dramatically changed the industry in the past decade and many of the workers I know that have entered into the industry during that time can’t seem to live without ’em. Tagged as: Big Doggie, clients, Consent, Dave Elms, Escorting, hobbyists, misogyny, print ads, prostitute reviews, Serpent Libertine, sexism, TER, the erotic review Tweet { 44 comments… read them below or add one } Marissa May 27, 2013 at 8:18 pm Good article–thank you for writing it. In Canada, where it’s legal to BE a prostitute but the laws make it difficult, but not impossible, to work, we have hideous review boards that are major centres of woman-hatred. I don’t know of any escorts who like them because a man can say anything he likes about an escort, there’s no way of knowing if he’s actually seen her, and, while it’s possible to have reviews removed from some boards, you lose the right to be a member or advertiser when you do that. There have also been a few campaigns where a group of reviewers decided to post a series of highly negative reviews against particular highly-reviewed women in order to harm their business potential. I know of two cases where the women were basically forced to close down and start over again with a new persona, new website and work from the ground up, after years of success. There is one board in Canada that calls itself a recommendation board. They don’t allow negative content to be posted on the basis that if you don’t have anything good to say, don’t say anything. While this board is regularly attacked by members of the other boards who complain that it’s impossible to get a realistic impression of any of the women from the reviews, the community of regulars–escorts and clients–is a really good one where valuable information can be shared openly, support and commentary is made quite freely and the escorts have good relationships with each other. I’ve been in the business for eight years, myself, and, like you, started before the boards existed. I ignored them for a long time, too. It’s still possible to do business lucratively and well without them, but it’s hard to know how long that will be true. We’re expecting some major changes to our prostitution laws in about a year or so. If prostitution is de-criminalized, as many hope, there may be less need for the highly negative review boards. Time will tell. Marissa Reply Dave in Phoenix June 8, 2013 at 7:11 am Unless your a street hooker or pimp, there is no real issue in Canada – ads etc are legal as of course is outcall and huge mostly honest agencies most that I know run by women and no issue since only sell time not sex (no living off the avails). Bawdy house enforcement varies widely – Some large ones in downtown Victoria for example regularly visited by LE just to be sure licensed and over age 18 that is all. Years ago they had to move out of Sanavich sp? a suburb of Victoria with nice warning by the Sheriff – but seemed welcomed in Victoria. Many collages with lots of gals supporting their education. For about 10 years I visited Canada to escape the heat in Phoenix summers and was very active on the large TERB etc boards I assume still run by Fred. I would never visit an escort that didn’t have reviews with my interests and never saw any real issues from the many escorts active there. There were some very bad boards – not sure they are still around. Compared to the U.S. we would love to have the Canadian laws as they are now. Unless doing public solicitation on the streets (or bar or common areas of hotel) and kept to outcall in most cities, there really is no legal issues. Reply Krissy October 27, 2015 at 9:48 pm Not sure if you’re pro or con American “review” web sites, but just want to remind you and all men that post against our will, we are in America where it is illegal in any way, shape or form to sell sex, advertise, or even suggest prostitution…hell, even a happy ending is “Masturbation for Hire”! And until the laws change, I and most girls don’t appreciate men (not necessarily you) posting and pasting that we are performing illegal acts all over the internet on sites that literally have the word “sex” in the title! What’s even more frustrating, not sure if you’re aware, but 90% of “reviews” are fake, gleaned from our ads, web sites, conversations and even appt that they book and don’t show up for or walk out on, just to gather recon to seem more legit. Call me old fashioned but in my day, you put an ad in the paper with a phone #, if you liked her voice(and price, I guess), you went and saw her. If you liked her, you went back, if you didn’t you didn’t. I wish the men that use these sight’s would spend that time lobbying to change the laws or getting involved with legalization groups like COYOTE. Reply Maxine Doogan May 27, 2013 at 8:32 pm The reviews posted on those sites run by customers are the example of how escorts don’t have control over our industry. And its those reviews on those boards that fuels the fires of ‘end demand’. Those review sites are the means by which customers I’ve seen for 10+ years at a certain rate, everything protected, now demand that I provide unprotected services at that rate because some amateur is doing it. And those first fake reviews are a frequently used as a scam to get providers to buy a membership on those boards. Those review boards and the third party advertisers have done nothing for our community. They never donate to any of our efforts as far as I know. They all seem benefit off the current system just like the anti’s do as in eclipse our voices and step on our ability to be self determined and to be in associating to organize for our rights. http://www.gofundme.com/litigate2emancipate And I’m sure we’ve all seen how those reviews and the ads are printed out by the police and are used as evidence in criminal cases against us too 🙁 Reply julie May 27, 2013 at 10:32 pm I have not found the review board hobbyists to be representative of the average customer. I first worked for an agency that would not book with anyone who identified as a terb member. They would not guarantee anything beyond regular full service – and the terbites are almost always looking for more than that. These guys seemed to want way more bang for the buck. They were looking for a far more extensive menu at the lowest possible price. I have met a few gems who were usually tourists just trying to hook up, but I must admit I do discriminate against the review board boys. Too much work and not enough reward, let alone the damage a bad review might cause. Reply Maxine Doogan May 27, 2013 at 11:24 pm I don’t have any reviews on those sites that I know of and don’t rely on those sites for business but there is no denying the effect I’ve experienced and watched others go through which is exactly what SL has written about in this article. Thanks for writing about it. Reply mistressmatisse May 28, 2013 at 12:32 am As someone who also began her sex work career (long) before online review boards, I agree/identify with pretty much everything Serpent Libertine says here. A very good piece. Reply Caty Simon May 28, 2013 at 5:16 pm I feel like I’m revealing my advanced age by saying this, but I never knew I’d miss describing myself a dozen times a day till it was replaced by ‘are your pics real?’ Reply mistressmatisse May 28, 2013 at 6:28 pm Caty: Seriously! There will always be tiresome aspects of answering marketing inquiries, but I do not miss trying to verbally describe myself on the phone. “What movie star do you most look like?” Internet advertising has it’s challenges, but I would not go back to the phone-book days for anything. Reply LoriAdorable May 28, 2013 at 4:07 pm This is a great, comprehensive post. Thanks for writing this! Reply Serpent May 29, 2013 at 1:34 am Thanks everyone for the positive feedback! I was a little apprehensive about writing this as I know review boards can be such a divisive topic. Caty and Matisse, I’d add to your comments that the “do you have reviews?” question started to come up more and more as internet advertising exploded, just as often as the “are your pics real?” question did. They became a necessary evil at some point if you wanted to get any business working as an independent, at least in my city. I understand there’s plenty of escorts that have been able to maintain a steady stream of clientele without having reviews, but it’s getting harder and harder to do nowadays. Maxine, I agree that “sites run by customers are the example of how escorts don’t have control over our industry” but I actually think escorts have more control over their business now that when I first started and had to work for agencies (many run by those same “former” customers) that demanded half my pay for every call I went to and treated me like shit. When I went out on my own, it was very difficult for me to adjust to doing my own screening after doing agency work for so long. Along with internet advertising, I think some of the review sites have allowed escorts to jump right into the game without having to go through that adjustment period of working for someone else. Reply Caty Simon June 5, 2013 at 11:37 pm I’m just lucky enough to live in the low rent boonies where review culture hasn’t taken hold, for some reason. I hear everyone else who’s free of reviews is high end. Reply mistressmatisse May 29, 2013 at 2:33 am Serpent: I read your piece as I was putting the finishing touches on my own that will be posted here soon. And I was so pleased to see it for several reasons, but one was the great cultural context that it gives for the pre- and post-internet world of a sex worker. I totally agree with what you said in your comment about how the internet makes it so much easier for people to work for themselves right off the bat, and how we can have a lot more control over our working lives than we used to. There will always be challenges, but overall I think things have improved. Reply DarkLlama May 29, 2013 at 11:21 am Interesting note the chicago researcher pointed out, that the reviewers seemed to blame the women for their having to pay for sex. My first instinct is to wonder if there’s a trait all the hobbyists share.. some sort of tell, a personality quirk or a body language thing that you could pick up on and maybe avoid? Maybe not, from what I gather all walks of life pay for sex. As I date I can always tell when a girl will kiss me or not long before the right moment comes. Mayhaps there’s a similar tell for the hobbyist. Is there? And then should it always be avoided? Reply Amelia June 1, 2013 at 11:42 pm I haven’t been doing this for super long but I’m starting to sense that there is a tell: the use of the word “gentleman.” I don’t think I have enough experience yet to say for sure but what I do know is that when I hear that word I tense up and I know I’m probably in for a difficult call. I haven’t heard any other girls mention this so I’d relate it to what they talk about when they talk about clients who think they can just give them a gift or a meal instead of paying, or clients who do a confusing back-and-forth about the girl’s enjoyment and exactly what counts as that (which I find impossible to figure out, even when I want to). For me it raises questions like, why is he trying to convince me of something? What is he trying to prove and for what purpose? Calling oneself a gentleman seems innocent enough and I’m sure one day I will wrongly peg someone who is just trying to be a nice guy, but what I know is that the use of the word “gentleman” is often followed by ungentlemanly behavior. My most recent and probably my starkest example is a guy who gave me the gentleman speech and then asked for unprotected contact (“but I won’t put it in!”). It’s true that I cannot confirm that everyone who has done the “gentleman” thing reads or participates in the boards because not all of them have reviewed me. It’s also true that sometimes people do the “gentleman” stuff without actually using that word, which triggers me too but not as directly. What I do know is that there is a general attitude of “gentlemanliness” which for me automatically makes me think of someone as a hobbyist, and then there are the guys who don’t emphasize that and I think of them as clients. Because of these two sides that I have found clients naturally fall into, I propose that we revamp the GFE/PSE dichotomy and associated price differences into a price for “hobbyists” and a price for “clients.” ‘Cause that’s what it really is anyway. “GFE” is meaningless, it means whatever the customer wants it to mean and sometimes it just means PSE for cheap. No matter what you personally include in your GFE, it’s the client who is going to happily accept it (or at least respect your boundaries and then decline to see you again if it didn’t meet his needs) and the hobbyist who is going to turn it into whatever he wants/turn it into PSE/push you on it just for the sake of pushing you. And I’m sure if we were able to divide it up this way there would be some girls who don’t even want to take the hobbyists (honestly I don’t think I would), and the girls who do decide to deal with them would be paid more for the trouble. Of course, it might be very difficult in practice to charge different people different prices based only on whether they participate in review boards, and it’s totally possible that that would just make them hide the reviews and the boards from us. But, it could also discourage people from using reviews boards if they know that the girl will somehow know and charge them more, and although it could strengthen their community if they made it secret from us it could also weaken it because if we can’t see it then they can’t taunt us with it. I actually don’t 100% hate reviews. I could see myself being okay with them if they happened in a certain way. This is mostly a thought experiment. (Also re: avoiding it, there is definitely a difference between independent girls who can sense this when they speak with the customer and agency girls who might not speak to the guy before he’s already in her room and so will probably have to deal with this at least once before deciding whether to see him again and for how much.) Reply Charlotte Shane June 3, 2013 at 9:59 am You are entirely right, and this is such a smart observation. The clients who comport themselves the best are men who would never feel the need to identify themselves as gentlemen because they know they conduct themselves as such and so it shows. And they live in a world where treating another human being decently doesn’t entitle them to constant congratulations and affirmation. Meanwhile, hobbyists (or guys with similar mindsets) think they’re somehow really good at being a client, in spite of often having terrible habits. Every hobbyist I’ve ever had the misfortune to meet thinks he’s god’s gift to prostitutes, which makes me shudder to consider what type of guy he imagines us dealing with regularly, if he’s the gold standard. It’s probably like the word “classy” in that it gives away the user as otherwise. I love this whole comment. The idea of charging more for hobbyists is genius, and if it were adopted as industry standard it would have to, eventually, pull those guys up short and interrupt the fantasy that they’re singular, super important, and highly sought after as clients. Bringing them back into reality—that they are an entitled few in a sea of many, many men willing to pay for sex—would be a step in the right direction of disempowering that culture. Reply Caty Simon June 5, 2013 at 11:39 pm Yeah, I’m all for this idea. Anyone have any ideas about actually implementing it? Reply Krissy October 27, 2015 at 10:09 pm Omg, I’m going to be on here all night! I feel like I’ve come home! I’ve spent so many years thinking I was the only one who despised the “review” sites. I love this article, it encapsulates everything I feel about this business as a whole! I started a website 5 or 6 years ago called “Client Check” (.webs maybe?), in Fla. It was very basic and I didn’t keep up with it or upgrade it but it was for girls to check and write reviews on clients..mostly bad ones though as I feel those are the only ones who deserve their privacy violated. But after reading this, I’m inspired to revive it! I want to say I love what you and the writer said about how these “hobbyist” feel that they are revered but really, we are revolted by them! And I say the way you let them know that, the way we implement higher fees for them is to JUST DO IT!! Around the same time I started the web site, and I believe I touched on it on my home page, but I try to get girls to unilaterally raise our rates. I’ve been in the business since 1990 and the rates were 125 for a half hour and 175 for an hour for full service..and in 1999 I was charging the same for strictly sensual massage. And while I was getting away with 300 for the few years I was in a big city, my fee since getting back into the biz in 2007 is 200 for an unrushed, untimed session. And I’m considered pricey! We girls need to strike and unionize and raise our rates on point with inflation! This is the only business where rates haven’t increased in 25 years! I hope to connect with you and anyone else on here! You ladies are awesome!! Reply Lilly Muse June 8, 2013 at 4:00 am Totally agree. I can almost always sense a hobbyist on the phone (I steer out of those conversations as quickly as possible), but the ones who do slip by I recognize at first sight. Just saw one the other day. He strolled in like he owned the place and was sure he knew exactly what was going to happen during our time together. I wasn’t having any of his pink shirted bullshit and super lovingly discouraged him from getting undressed in the first 30 seconds because I have a whole incall routine. He was obviously embarrassed about that but kept going because that’s what falsely self-assured people do, I guess. So there he was, sitting as naked as I was dressed, speaking to me in extremely condescending terms, but I was totally on my game that day and was truly enjoying myself hating him. In the end he validated my judgments with a nice premature ejaculation. Long story short, yes, I wish I could have charged him double. Reply Dave in Phoenix June 8, 2013 at 7:26 am Regarding good comment GFE is meaningless. I was one of the 1st to coin the term GFE back before there were websites, only alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup with 300 baud packet readers. The original GFE had nothing to do with sex acts but as I call it interacting with the real inner person intimately, lovingly of the spirit even if only for the hour and paid for the time. It can be still a human connection like with the GF in GFE. Over the years its been perverted to mean often unhealthy sex acts etc. My interest has always been the more intimate side but not having to use a religious belief (like Tantra) as an excuse. Great site and articles, I found it via the Elms article since I have a huge personal interest being his target. Reply Maxine Doogan May 29, 2013 at 2:03 pm I’m not so sure working from the internet has resulted in workers having more control over our lives over all, we should do a study on that. I’d say that because the internet sites, like the agencies, are all still male centered and controlled the internet has made who is in control more visible and given more control over to them as the internet has made access to our customers easier which is what they wanted. Now the online reviews are being used to coerce the flood of new workers and old ones alike into doing more risky services for less money resulting in the race to the bottom. I’d say its worse conditions now. But I always worked in the parlor setting so having access to other workers was never my issue. Its why I continue to work in that way today. Reply Serpent May 30, 2013 at 1:20 pm I see your point Maxine, but I disagree. Before the internet explosion, I felt like I HAD to work for someone else, whether it be an establishment like a dungeon or an escort agency. I’d actually say that the dungeons at the time were the worst…only one I worked for was worker run, the others run by subs looking for free sessions or pimp-like male managers. One notorious dungeon manager I worked for later raped several women that worked for him. The escort agencies stole money from workers all the time on “fines” for running late to running overtime on a session. I even filed a claim with the state for unpaid wages from one agency and was never able to get my money. I also didn’t know where I was going, who I was seeing, and how well they had been screening. Oftentimes, I’d drive to a call and nobody would answer the door…and I was NEVER compensated for that. That rarely happens nowadays. So I’d say conditions are much, much better today now that we can work independently using internet advertising. The review boards are actually seem like a small price to pay compared to what I felt were very abusive working conditions. Reply Maxine Doogan June 1, 2013 at 3:17 pm @SL, I understand that for some indys its working out but we never hear from other types of workers who may employ others for housing, driving, advertizing and appointment setting….or newer workers…I’d like to hear from a broader range of workers how the internet has worked out . I had asked the researchers at the first DA conference to conduct these types of studies on our behalf because we have no good research on our industry really. Still waiting. Reply Dave in Phoenix June 8, 2013 at 7:20 am Great article about the scoring system and fake reviews of TER to get VIP etc… I am the one Elms is now in prison for my exposing these things and allowing companions to share their experiences on sexwork.com. He will be released from prison shortly. In Phoenix we have many arrests based on websites or ads that offer GFE or worse terms. Its a slam dunk prostitution bust just from ad and mandatory 15 days in jail on 1st offense. Gets much worse if massage parlor or any two people working together – felony criminal enterprise up to 10 years in prison and some face 20+ years for “association” even if no evidence against them for any act unless they take a felony plea with probation – and a life time felony record. Then we have the Church rounds ups – six months Catholic DIGNITY program or go to jail. Many of the about 100+ each time rounded up from ads or websites of private consenting adult sexworkers. Canada is so wonderful vs the U.S. where I use to escape to enjoy the very different atmostphere with no legal issues! Reply Jason June 9, 2013 at 9:30 am In some ways, it can feel very hit and miss as a client. In Australia, it doesn’t get much cheaper than $300/hr, which is a lot of money in most people’s pockets. So, you pay up front, and the girl can be bored, lies there, moans a bit, resists attempts at conversation, and then bounces off the bed the second the timer buzzes? Or, maybe she puts her back into it, engages, and it’s a blast. And you might say, hey, maybe you’re her fourth guy for the day. Ok, but if I’m selling cars, or computers, or whatever, my customers don’t want to hear about how busy the day was. And so it is in a capitalist system. We entice our customers to exchange our value for their value. The review board system seems to be a partially functional way for clients to make sure the girls don’t just pocket the money and then do the minimum they can to coast through (I’m speaking from experience, the girl was the most gorgeous and lazy twits I’ve ever met… I wouldn’t hire her to make coffee, tits be damned). It’s an accountability system. And whilst I understand you like it when your regulars seduce you (and maybe it’s the best way to get good value), it still moves faster than more regular seduction and requires an attempt to engage with the customer. I agree that it’s a flawed system though. It’d be more ideal if it worked like a better business bureau type of system, where girls could register and respond to client complains whenever they arise. Reply Miss Margo August 26, 2013 at 11:59 pm “Or, maybe she puts her back into it…” Does this phrase mean something different in Australia (I HOPE IT DOES)? Who in hell do you think you are? A prison warden? Slave master? “Put your back into it”? You may legitimately expect her to act friendly and flatter you and to provide the illusion of enthusiasm/arousal. Part of the job, as every customer service worker knows. You don’t get to castigate her because she didn’t “put her back into it.” Into what, feigning complete adoration and lust and doing whatever she possibly could to get you off? She is not your slave. What would you tell your boss if he told you to “put your back into it?” And $300/hour IS “a lot of money is most people’s pockets,” but so what…? I had to pay $150 to visit an optometrist for a contact lens examination last month. I REALLY wish I could pay for sessions with a physical therapist for my carpal tunnel…but I can’t afford it at this time, and I don’t begrudge the physical therapist for being outside of my price range. I am unfamiliar with going rates in Australia, but if the going rate is $300 (I am skeptical…Internet escorts here in NYC charge as little as $120 last time I looked), then that is what the market will bear. Capitalism sucks and I hate it, but you are a hypocritical moron if you think a sex worker should charge LESS than the maximum she could get in this system. She is NOT obligated to be a CHARITY for your cock. She does not OWE you to go further “after the timer buzzes.” Should a seamstress in a garment sweatshop in Bangladesh work a little off the clock because the factory “has almost made the daily quota!”…? Is a lawyer obligated to consult and not charge? Should you expect your personal trainer to not say, “SORRY, but I have to make my next appointment, see you next week!” when you showed up 15 minutes late to your training session? If escorts (or whatever sort of provider you see) are too expensive for you, then you can try to get you needs met with one of the zillion women around you… …but that would require that you take the time, and make the effort, to cultivate a relationship with her, or at least to seduce her/give her a good time in order to have sex with her. I’d not holding my breath…IN SUM: You suck. and I would never hang out with you for free. The ladies you hire should get Purple Hearts of Medals of Valor. Adios, fucktard. This is the only free attention from me that you will ever get. Miss Margo You are not entitled to sexual attention or indulgence from a woman. This entitled, gross mansplaining comment made me want to barf. Your attitude is disgusting. I have sprayed it liberally with X-TRA STRENGTH DUDE-TROLL SPRAY. I hope it dies soon. Reply Beatrice August 27, 2013 at 1:07 pm I am in love with you Margo. Everything you said, all of it. I am giving you a standing ovation from my bedroom. Reply distance August 30, 2013 at 12:11 pm Miss Margo, I can’t speak to the situation in the US, but I have no doubts about what he says about the price of an escort in Australia being $300/h. In Alberta, Canada, that’s also a very common rate, with most girls being between $240-$300. Once you start to get below $200, the situations surrounding the visit tend to be sketchier, or you wind up dealing with girls who may or may not be trafficked. But I know that price can vary based on geography, as visiting girls from Montreal and Toronto tend to charge higher rates when they come out west, and western girls often don’t tour east because the prices they can command go down while the expectation of service goes up. Reply thepinch March 29, 2014 at 1:31 am Thanks for that, distance. The rates in Toronto are getting lower because so many women are out of work – it’s getting like Berlin in the 30’s. Reply Krissy October 27, 2015 at 10:27 pm wow, you totally missed the point…. Reply Tony K. October 12, 2014 at 10:31 am @ MISS MARGO. RE: “Or maybe she puts her back into it….” I absolutely LOVE the way you handled that! Reply G January 22, 2015 at 8:51 pm Great post !!! Thank you ! Reply OCProvider April 14, 2015 at 7:09 pm Thank you so much for saying that!! You took the words and thoughts out of my head! like Beatrice said -I Love You for saying that!!! I don’t know what this site is, I just stumbled upon it but I’m so happy to see educated, intelligent, powerful, opinionated providers voicing their opinions. Those sites need to be shut down for promoting unhealthy activities. We need to form a union and take our power back! Reply Krissy October 27, 2015 at 10:26 pm You are my hero!!! What a douchebag!! Regarding our “high rates” (HA, see a comment I made above) I always say I’d like to eat at Morton’s every night but they won’t sell me a petite filet for $10! And, yeah, they are paying for something allright…the obvious, of course, ease, discretion, a sure thing or an unusual thing that they can’t get at home and most importantly, to leave with not so much as a second thought,,(like mistresses who might call their wives). They are not paying us to hang on their every word and lick their boots!! Unless of course they are paying a sub extremely well! They are entitled, self centered spoiled brats!! As if $300 is a lot of money anyway!! We need to strike ladies!! $500 an hour, at least!! Reply Miss Margo August 27, 2013 at 9:01 pm Thanks, Beatrice! xoxoxoxoxo Reply thepinch March 29, 2014 at 1:29 am I am a mature escort who is very new to the scene. I have done a lot of research, and I am appalled by what I have discovered. Today I saw a review board encouraging clients to hit up newbies for a discount or even offer up for free just to get a good review. That’s extortion! Has the world gone insane? This will turn your stomach. Gals from Eastern Europe were begging for reviews so that they can get some cash flow happening. Does a guy really think this gal is happy being PSE under these circumstances? I, for one, would like to see a client review board. And no, I am not joking. Reply Krissy October 27, 2015 at 9:35 pm I totally agree! I don’t understand why some girls like these reviews. I find them insulting, degrading and repulsive. I think The Erotic Review helps a member ..I say member NOT client because it is my belief that 90% of these “reviews” are fake, gleaned from the details of our ads and web sites, emails and phone calls and even booking appts then not showing up or walking to get a peek and an address to make their “reviews” sound legitimate….go into great detail about breast size, nipple and areola, and pussy tightness! It’s gross, but again, I call it the Penthouse Forum because it’s just a bunch of perverts, cheap perverts, that have never and will never pay a dollar to these girls, swapping fantasies. Anyway, I DID start a client check web site called “Client Check”,(I forget the web address) but I’m a low tech girl and this was about 5 or 6 years ago in Fla and I lost track of it, never updated or improved it and it didn’t really catch on, but again, Imy fault. With this last run in with Sex Guide USA allowing members, once again, to post that I am performing and offering illegal acts, I think I will revive it. I’m even thinking of having all my clients sign a release that they will not post any comments or reviews, good or bad. This site and article has inspired me. I thought I was the only girl out there outraged, with dignity, class and desire for discretion. I hope to connect and get involved with pro pro groups!! Reply Joe Rowan August 12, 2014 at 2:30 am I really appreciate the exchange which is occurring here. As an over 60 guy, I only recently ventured into this “world” as it were. Having seen a whole number of means to connect in the Seattle side of the Puget Sound, I’ve found that my safest venues are TRB and TER. I discovered very quickly that while many of the review narratives were offensive, the connections to a lady’s web site were very helpful. As a result I have found a “client” relationship. The great number of very overt ads found on most other sites drown out the woman who may be seeking a client relationship. A vast majority of sites offering opportunities are frauds and even the two boards referred to earlier are not without problems. One needs “filters” to find his or her way. I found it intriguing re. the term “gentleman,” as every elegant site which has an appeal to me wants only “gentleman” to contact them. Indeed, the term “courtesan” is now in vogue as a means to differentiate between relationships as such and just getting a quick GFE fix although most “courtesans” are clear to include a schedule as to FBSM/FBMT/FS/GFE at differing levels of $ “donations.” Only the full courtesan level is going to get to that most intimate physical sharing. Interestingly a new entrant, who is the one who caught my attention, has a three stage meeting (sessions) regimen. It’s not straight to home plate…please excuse the metaphor if it offends.. There is a time of acquaintance to see if the chemistry is there. If not, then that’s it. Fortunately we have seeing each other several times and actual conversations are developing. Her site is tastefully done and alluring. The review or board system means that I could venture out without going to places with risks or make calls to agencies while also finding a place for an “outcall.” BTW, I think there should be a means, other than the current reference and/or 411 systems, for client reviews. I thought one of the boards might have such. Reply Krissy October 27, 2015 at 9:22 pm I actually started a web site about 5 or 6 years ago in Fla called “Client Check” ..I forget the web address and it never really took off. But that was my fault, didn’t push or advertise it much but I may revive it. The main problem I have with reviews is that they are 90% fake, so keep that in mind. We are taking a huge risk doing what we are doing, much higher than a client…see COYOTE stats for client to call girl arrests, not to mention the physical overpowering of a man to a woman, so I feel you should just use common sense and until it is legal, you should have to take the same , actually smaller, risk that we do. Call me old fashioned, but if you like a girl, you go back, if you don’t, you don’t. Reply Sarah October 26, 2014 at 12:28 pm I came across this blog that was actually posted on a Toronto review board. It’s so spot on, i had to chime in. The scene here online is absolutely degrading and sad to read. I started out working for an agency where each prostitute had a ‘menu’ that we had to fill out and provide to the agency, which then was published on our web page. Because of TERB, the majority of women including myself, went beyond what we were actually comfortable with providing (such as greek, CIM, and even BBBJ – some men’s hygiene is atrocious and yet we’re expected to act like its the holy grail and devour that smelly disgusting thing into our mouths…bare). If you had a ‘limited’ menu, you were probably not going to have many appointments because this particular agency catered to hobbyists, aka insecure men who are outcasts of society who find pleasure and seek false friendships with their fellow hobbyists on these review boards. I work for myself now, and i’m often asked in emails if i have any reviews. I am reluctant to send them looking for my old reviews because the nasty details of our encounters are on TERB for all to read in their parent’s basements (ok… I’m speculating, but wouldn’t be surprised if this is the case with a lot of these troll hobbyists). The encounter a prostitute has with one man cannot be duplicated with another – so many factors affect the appointment and chemistry two people have. I think thats what most hobbyists forget- at the end of the day, we are people. I believe recommendation boards are helpful for men looking to buy sex, but i think review boards are detrimental to the industry. Reply Krissy October 27, 2015 at 10:42 pm I am appalled to think that girls are compromising their health to please a client. Disgusting! Girls please stop this! I am a condom Nazi!! And you know what, men appreciate that. They may not be thrilled about it but my health is not worth , what do they offer, $20 more dollars?? I tell them not for a million! Make them feel ashamed for asking! I have cute sayings like, ” I wanna be around to play for a long time!” or “I use them with my boyfriend too”…which I do. The thought of putting these men in my mouth unwrapped makes me gag! Some of them smell so bad, I don’t even want to put my face down there, and I won’t! I just wanted to tell you I don’t think you should give into this ridiculous review world. We need to realize that we are not slaves, no one has a gun to our head, to do certain acts or to do this work! Get an attitude and self confidence. We CAN charge what we want, we CAN refuse service of any kind, we CAN raise the rate if we don’t like something they do, and we CAN change what services we offer! My ads and web site are ambiguous and sell more of a non specific experience so I can do or not do whatever I want. What we all forget , men mostly, is that until this is legal, they are not entitled to a contract of services! Hope to connect with you!~ Reply Natalie Villeneuve March 14, 2015 at 8:11 pm Great article – My sister has been an escort for 12 years and for a very long time, I had difficulties accepting it. She moved with me to Los Angeles last year and I decided to be somewhat open minded and listen to her arguments. In the end, its all about individual choices that we make. I have embraced her and her lifestyle to the point that i give her my full support. Reply michelle dae July 31, 2015 at 8:09 pm Great post…still relevant over 2 years after you originally wrote it. While I participate on discussion boards I do not accept reviews – for the reasons you so elloquently describe. Undoubtedly, this affects my business. Yes, I do this to earn money. But! my dignity is something I am not yet ready to compromise. Being spoken about like some less-than-human commodity just to pay the rent is not for me. (This is by no means implying that the thousands of entertainers who do accept reviews are compromising their dignity.) I do enjoy connecting with others on the boards and thru M&G’s, as well as seeing what people really think (when they think they’re anonymous!) We live in a review economy. All providers – from lawyers, doctors, plumbers to personal shoppers get reviewed. Of course, the nature of their services, and therefore the reviews are kept professional and objective. When escorts and other adult entertainers are treated with the same respect, maybe I will join that party. Thanks to all who support us. xo Reply Dave June 9, 2016 at 4:28 am Many of these review boards have fake client profiles set up by the large escort agencies that spend the time promoting their own girls & slamming other up & coming agencies & independents. A friend of mine has an agency & tried to defend himself & his agency from false claims on TERB. Here is link to the details http://www.escorttorontoon.ca/warning-terb-toronto-escort-review-board-steals-advertisers-money-allows-slanderous-posts/ Reply Cancel reply Leave a Comment Name * E-mail * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Previous post: Belated Quote of the Week Next post: A Review Primer $upport us Do you like what we do? Help sustain the site! Send gifts through Venmo Co-Editors Caty Simon Josephine Editors Emeritae Charlotte Shane Natalie Kat Bettie Johanna Bubbles Burbujas Tits and Sass Contributors Month In Links Editor Red Search Search for: Archives Archives Select Month October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 Categories Activism Art Ask Ms. Harm Reduction Big Mother Is Watching You Blast From the Past Blond Leading the Blind Books Cam Girls Clients Cops Dear Tits and Sass Fetish Furballs & Funds Great Sex Work Moments in Pop Culture History Health Interviews Labor Law Media Money Month In Links Movies My Sex Work Bucket List Naked Music Monday News Phone Sex Photo Friday Politics Porn Pro-Domme Prostitution Quote of the Week Race Reviews Sex Work Sells Sex Worker History Silly Media Coverage Site News Strippers Support Hos Television The Week in Links This Time, It's Personal Tina Fey Hates Sex Workers Tools of the Trade Trafficking Uncategorized Videos Weekly Unwrap What is Sex Work? YER ART SUX You're Not Funny Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes. WordPress Admin
http://titsandsass.com/nevadas-brothels-legalization-serves-the-man/|_|About Us Site Policies Contact Us Contribute Facebook Subscribe Twitter Feed Sex Workers Are Tired of Your Literal Shit My Feeble Attempt at Writing About Drake’s Strip Club What Does Amalia Ulman’s Instagram Art Mean for Sex Workers? On Survival So Long, Gawker, Thanks For the Coverage and the Bylines Dear Tits and Sass: Boundaries Tits and Sass Nevada’s Brothels: Legalization Serves The Man by Bella Mansfield, Esq. on April 22, 2014 · 37 comments in Labor Law, Prostitution via Flickr user Craig Walkowicz One of the many questions OkCupid users can answer to determine compatibility with potential mates is “Should prostitution be legal?” The answer options are: Yes, absolutely Yes, only if it were regulated I don’t think so ABSOLUTELY NOT (emphasis theirs) In my four years of using the site, I’ve noticed that those who choose answer “2” frequently add something in the comments about regulations being necessary to protect workers from harm. Somewhat less frequently someone comments that regulations protect the health and general well-being of the public. My sample size is, of course, limited, but that thinking isn’t all that different from members of the general public who support legalization. Legalization, the thinking goes, would protect the public from the perceived health risks associated with prostitution by mandating testing, provide states with tax money (which relies on the false assumption that sex workers don’t currently pay taxes) and would control when and where sex work could be done. And, if prostitution was legal, sex workers would be safer because they would feel more comfortable utilizing the criminal legal system. What they forget is that we have an example of legal prostitution in the United States: regulated, licensed brothels in the state of Nevada. While legalization provides benefits to the state, the workers are still treated as second-class citizens. Nevada has been home to brothels since the late 1800s, and the first licensed brothel opened there in 1971. Currently, there is no statute explicitly stating that prostitution is legal, but under state law, counties in Nevada with populations under 400,000 can allow brothels. These brothels are the only places in the United States where one can engage in legal prostitution, and the people doing this work are governed by three different sets of regulations: state laws, county laws and brothel rules.1 While the state laws are easy to access and review, county laws are less so, and brothel rules are not available to the public. The small size of the counties and towns that the brothels are in means that rules frequently change depending on the mood of the sheriff. This form of legalization is a combination of modern business law and Wild West attitudes. Nevada state laws are the framework under which the counties containing brothels operate. They dictate where brothels (or “houses of ill fame” as the law describes them) can be located, the steps counties must follow in order to have legal brothels, advertising restrictions, and health regulations. They not only establish behavioral and structural regulations, but also include statutes requiring workers to be tested weekly for gonorrhea and chlamydia (through a cervical sample) and monthly for HIV and syphilis (through a blood test). A positive test result for any of these mean that the worker must quit working in a legal brothel. If a worker tests positive for HIV and continues working, they can be charged with a class B felony, and if the brothel owner knows of their test results they are liable if anyone contracts HIV from that worker. While it can vary by county, the fees for the tests are usually paid for by the worker. Condoms are mandatory for oral sex and intercourse. In order to further protect the health of clients, some counties place restrictions on how long a worker can be gone from a brothel before she has to be re-tested or require a chaperone if a worker goes out at night, lest she work independently and choose to not use a condom. There are also strict laws regarding pandering beyond the typical “pimping” statutes that might come to mind. Living off the proceeds of prostitution is pandering, so workers’ spouses and partners better have their own employment! Providing transportation so that someone can engage in prostitution is also illegal. The transportation statute essentially prohibits anyone from providing a worker with a ride to work, as it finds that anyone transporting a worker with the intent to encourage them in engaging in prostitution is guilty of pandering. This is an interesting contrast to the policies that some brothels have of giving a fee to cab drivers who bring clients to their establishments or providing free limo service to clients coming from Las Vegas. While workers either have to drive themselves to work or find a ride with someone who doesn’t know what they do, clients can arrive in business-sponsored cars. Few things show intent to encourage someone to hire a prostitute more than sending a complimentary limo to whisk them away to a brothel. State law also restricts advertising for both legal brothels and illegal prostitution. Brothels can only advertise in the counties where prostitution is legal. It’s also illegal to prepare or print an advertisement for illegal prostitution, which means that graphic designers, handbill printers and producers of small newsprint ad catalogs are now included in the category of people who are affected by the prohibition of sex work. The penalty for illegal advertising can include jail time and fees. via Flickr user DB’s travels County laws regulate the actual license application process, fees, and zoning for brothels. They also include worker-specific statutes, like those governing work cards. Any employee at a brothel, including bartenders, must have a work card. In Storey County, home of the Mustang Ranch, workers must submit all previous addresses for the last three years, aliases, a criminal background check release, and a medical release form allowing the medical facilities and/or doctors to share her test results with the county. A work card can be denied for myriad reasons, including a conviction for petty theft or shoplifting in the last year or a drug-related misdemeanor conviction within the last three years. In addition to state and county regulations, each brothel has its own set of rules. These rules aren’t available to the public, but there is an in-depth discussion of the rules at the Mustang Ranch in Alexa Albert’s book Brothel.2 Workers there must pay a rooming and food fee, and are required to stay at the brothel for a minimum of two weeks. While staying at the brothel, workers can only leave for medical exams (although there is also an option of seeing a doctor on site) or for special emergencies. Should they need something, like a toothbrush or a box of tampons, they must pay a fee to a house runner who will pick up these items for her. Workers negotiate their own fee with clients, often varying by which sex acts are going to be performed, and they have a 50/50 split with the house. They are also expected to tip the bartender, security workers and other staff. If they leave, they must return by a set curfew. Albert reported in her book that workers could not live or vacation in the town where they worked, but I did not find any Storey County statutes stating such. The result of this kind of legalization is a system that benefits the state, county governments and brothel owners tremendously. The worker benefits in that she does not risk arrest (or at least not for prostitution, as she can still be arrested for violating a state or county regulation) and there is an assumption of safety. I would be interested to see statistics of rape and coercion in legal brothels versus incidents of the same with independent escorts. My suspicion is that legal brothels are not necessarily markedly safer than doing indoor prostitution illegally. Legalization, at least under the Nevada model, means submitting to mandated testing and the county having access to those test results. It means paying fees to the county but also to the brothel. It means staying inside for long stretches of time and having restrictions placed on your movement, including during non-work weeks. It means you might be denied a work card if you’ve been convicted of not only violent offenses but also survival crimes, like shoplifting. This model is not pro-worker, but pro-government, pro-customer and pro-business owner. One hopes that most workers get tested regularly for sexually transmitted infections, but it should be the worker’s choice when and how her body is subjected to tests and the results should be between herself and her doctor.3 While Nevada does have a criminal statute making it illegal to knowingly transmit HIV to another person, there are no regulations surrounding the health of those who wish to purchase sex at brothels. The fees, both for work cards and within the brothels, place the county alongside the brothel owner in the role of madam. Workers are asked to trade autonomy over their movements and submit to medical testing for a removed risk of arrest, and the county and brothel owners get to profit in return. This is not an acceptable alternative to criminalization. On paper, these laws and rules appear to be incredibly restrictive, invasive and to the benefit of the government far more than the worker. It is also a system that may target workers with less resources. Independent workers who have access to screening tools and community can take their chances with working for themselves in cities where prostitution is illegal. Women who don’t have easy access to ways to stay safe might more frequently choose the comfort of knowing that they are engaging in a legal trade, and the state gets the cash reward for providing them with that option. A more worker-friendly alternative is decriminalization of prostitution and prostitution-related offenses. Decriminalization would remove or significantly reduce criminal penalties, but would not create regulations the way that legalization would. Reducing jail or probation time to a ticket or fine—or eliminating penalties altogether—would still allow the worker to control personal aspects of her business without risking arrest. Nevada is just one example of how legalization could work, and at best it is a hodgepodge of regulations. If this was the model for legal sex work in the United States—if even just a few of their laws became standard—sex workers would lose much of their independence of movement and communication to laws created by people who don’t know even basic information about the industry, like the fact that sex workers in the U.S. are a safer bet, health-wise, than a one-night stand from a bar. Until there is a model of legalization that focuses on keeping workers safe, decriminalization is the better option. 1. A note about language: there are many people who work in brothels who are not prostitutes. However, for the purposes of this article, when I write “worker” I mean prostitute unless otherwise indicated.↩ 2. This book was published in 2002. The rules stated here may have changed since the book’s publication.↩ 3. This is an excellent example of how laws that affect sex workers are often part of bigger systemic oppression. Requiring workers to agree to testing and sharing their results in exchange for being allowed to work is the medicalization of the female worker. Laws that require transgender people to have a certain set of surgeries in order to change the gender marker on their birth certificate and programs that offer benefits or money only to female drug users who agree to be sterilized are other examples of removing medical autonomy from marginalized groups in trade for greater access to privilege. Tagged as: brothels, decriminalization, legal prostitution, medical testing, Mustang Ranch, Nevada, Prostitution Tweet { 32 comments… read them below or add one } Dave Krueger April 22, 2014 at 3:29 pm While your argument against Nevada style legalization is sound and you are right to oppose it, the fact is that most people are sold on the idea that business needs to be regulated. Fighting for total decriminalization sounds great on paper, but it will be infinitely more difficult to accomplish than legalization. They are finding that out in Colorado now with legalized pot where they accepted the regulation as the cost of making pot legal. If you wish to be recognized as being a legitimate profession then, when you get your wish, be prepared to be treated as other legitimate businesses are treated. There will be health requirements, financial regulation, inspections, and new taxes. Of course, most of these regulations are unnecessary because, like all businesses, you already have a powerful incentive to please your customers. Your livelihood, health, and well being depend on it. Unfortunately, regulation is what politicians do, what the media fear mongers promote, and the public expects. Good luck with your cause. Criminalization of sex work is a national disgrace for a country that calls itself “the land of the free”. Reply Lorelei April 22, 2014 at 3:57 pm When I was on OkCupid I listed option 1 and left the box blank. I learned a while ago that I can’t possibly know the best solution, because I’m not involved, I’m not a sex worker. That post reinforced that. The last sentence sums up how I feel. Reply Jeremy Lemur April 22, 2014 at 7:55 pm “One hopes that most workers get tested regularly for sexually transmitted infections, but it should be the worker’s choice when and how her body is subjected to tests and the results should be between herself and her doctor.” What the author is saying is that she prefers a system without standards and accountability. The Nevada model is as strict as it needs to be in order to establish an “industry standard” for sex work that ensures the safety and health of courtesans and customers. Yes, sex workers in Nevada Brothels have to be tested, and if they have an STD or HIV, they are not permitted to work. Yes, sex workers must pay fees to get their business license and Sheriff card – they’re independent contractors working at legitimate businesses. Yes there are county laws, state laws, and, like all workplaces, there are rules. Welcome to being a recognized member of civilized society. We don’t raise our arms in protest when we have to go to the DMV and pay for our car to be registered. We don’t feel violated because the DMV requires our birth certificate to validate our identity – and we don’t think that the vision test required to drive a car should be private information between us and our eye doctor. Standards are necessary to legitimize a service or privilege. Nevada Brothels have been operating legally for nearly half a century now. The Nevada model is an excellent example of how prostitution can work in a legalized setting and benefit customers, business owners, and sex workers by providing a safe, healthy, and lucrative environment through the enforcement of time-tested quality and operational standards. Like all things created by humans, it’s not perfect, but it’s a gigantic step in the right direction for legitimizing the sex work industry. Reply Evie April 23, 2014 at 3:48 pm If you had actually read the article, you’d understand why the Nevada model does NOT benefit actual sex workers, just their customers and anyone who makes a profit off of their labor. So, not much different than the criminalization model everywhere else in the US. And I’ll get a weekly cervical swab if my customer gets a weekly urethral swab. It’s not real accountability if only one side is held accountable. Reply Amanda April 23, 2014 at 5:10 pm Everyone who supports the testing model of the NV brothels not only fails to realize that weekly testing isn’t a best practice, but that diseases are brought into brothels via the clients. If anyone should be tested, it should be the clients. (As the author of the article pointed out.) Not to mention, not all diseases that could be tested for are. So what’s the point? Some diseases are okay, others aren’t??? Why test at all? “Like all things created by humans, it’s not perfect, but it’s a gigantic step in the right direction for legitimizing the sex work industry.” No, it’s not a step in the right direction. The brothels have been around for 50 years, as you say, and yet the strides made in legitimizing sex work have come from non-brothel sex worker activists. The brothels aren’t fond of sex worker rights and do not want to help legitimize the industry because it means they lose control and lose money. Far more perfect is the New Zealand model, where independent sex workers are treated as independent women quietly leading their own lives, which is pretty much the same as any single woman on the dating scene. Brothels are treated as businesses and it’s the establishments themselves (and management) which are regulated as a business, not the women’s bodies. Reply Jeremy Lemur April 23, 2014 at 8:02 pm Hi Amanda, Regarding your comment: “Far more perfect is the New Zealand model, where independent sex workers are treated as independent women quietly leading their own lives, which is pretty much the same as any single woman on the dating scene. Brothels are treated as businesses…” See, this is the thing that gets me. You ARE NOT single women on the dating scene. You ARE service providers performing a spectacular service to a paying client. YOU, Amanda, ARE a business when functioning as a prostitute. Yes, brothels are treated as businesses, because that’s what they are: businesses where the business of sex work performed by independent women legally takes place. Reply Robin D April 23, 2014 at 11:16 pm Brothels are businesses. Amanda or whoever would be a freelancer or in New Zealand, if incall, a “Small Owner Operated Brothel,” which, yeah, would mean she is not subject to all of the same laws, though still subject to some. Dating scene was probably the wrong phrase but different laws do apply to businesses with employees (I know they are classified as independent contractors in Nevada but this is illegal under federal labor law and the brothels would lose a lawsuit like the strip clubs do). Nobody in New Zealand is forced to be tested. They also do not have to register with the police though brothel operators must be registered at an administrative law level. Brothels are subject to zoning and advertising bylaws. This works really well! Really, really well. Way less invasive and way more effective than the system in Nevada. There are health regulations – for sex workers and clients to use and promote safe sex, which is as it should be, not mandated testing. The financial regulations and taxes are the same as before. Which, it’s also true in the US that sex workers are subject to those regulations already, as they are enforced separately from the prostitution laws. Reply Amanda April 25, 2014 at 9:03 am Thank you for clarifying the finer points Robin! Robin D April 25, 2014 at 1:45 pm You’re welcome Amanda! I think the biggest point is no forced testing…and no evidence of transmissions, either. Also of note that street work is not outlawed but is also subject to zoning I think – sometimes this pushes sex workers into less safe (e.g. more industrial) areas, but I think I remember that maybe this worked better than that in NZ? Scarlet Heart April 23, 2014 at 11:32 pm This guy: “I’m not in the sex industry, but I’m going to tell you all what’s best for you because being a man my opinion is superior to all your lived experiences put together!” Reply Jeremy Lemur April 24, 2014 at 12:49 pm I work on staff, full time, at a legal Nevada brothel, obviously not as a prostitute. My opinion (man or not) has a some validity as a person who devotes every day of his life to the sex work industry. Scarlet, your comment about me being a man is indicative of the worst aspects of this usually excellent site. Amanda April 24, 2014 at 8:58 am Jeremy — Don’t tell me what I am, let me determine that for myself. Having sex with a client is no different (from a disease-transmission perspective) than having sex with a civilian. Money doesn’t prevent or cause disease. Testing doesn’t prevent a disease, neither does working for an establishment vs working on my own. Safer sex practices can prevent disease and I don’t need to work for a pimp to be able to put on a condom. Reply marissa April 25, 2014 at 1:45 am Preach! Why can’t most laypeople see the simplicity and common sense of it all? Random anonymous bar hookups, even Tinder, Grinderr etc are MORE sketchy than meeting a John who gives his credit card/traceable phone number, or goes through the various screening hurdles of internet escorting. John Punter April 22, 2014 at 10:27 pm Obviously brothels are a stupid idea. Forcing a sex worker to have a pimp is beyond dumb. Best case, a pimp provides security, something that sex workers should get from police and/or professional body guards. Sex workers can hire promoters if they need and want them. I don’t think, typically, there is anything illegal about, say, doing taxes or reading palms from a place that’s zoned as a residence. If someone did sex work from a residence, the usually zoning ordinances about signs, customer parking, etc. should handle that just fine. I suppose you could make a case for a law against paid, unprotected sex. But trying to protect people from their own stupidity always seems to end up being a wasted effort, however good the intentions. Reply Scarlet Heart April 23, 2014 at 12:41 am I have heard nothing but negative things about the Nevada brothels. As someone who does both brothel and independent escort work I feel lucky to be in Australia, where the only rules for working in a parlour (for the most part)are going for an interview, telling the manager what shifts you want and turning up, working, then going home. It differs slightly from state to state – like in Victoria where it is more regulated – but generally it is quite relaxed in comparison to the utter bullshit you have to go through to work in Nevada. It would not surprise me if a lot of the girls who work at those brothels take their clients for private bookings, risk of arrest be damned. Unfortunately many non-sws I know think the key is legalisation, it seems to be the prevailing attitude of the community. :/ Reply Amanda April 23, 2014 at 10:05 am I’ve been using the NV brothel model as a reason why legalization doesn’t work because it doesn’t truly benefit the worker. Sure, there are girls who can make tons of money in it, but most don’t. I had a very negative experience in a legal brothel. All the reasons you list, and then some, are why legalization doesn’t work. Plus, I had the joys of having my prostitution registration come up anytime a NV cop ran my license. You can imagine how much fun it is to sit on the side of the road, wondering if you’re lucky enough to get a cool cop who has seen it all before — or not. Yes, rape and coercion happens in the brothels. I heard some stories, I experienced a small bit of coercion from the house. Every room has a panic button. Brothels are not the safe-zone everyone makes them out to be — though it really depends on the brothel. On the other hand, the violence isn’t nearly as high as it is for independent workers — if you take a look at the overall numbers and not at specific individuals or brothels. Yet another problem with the brothel system you never touched on is the independent contractor status accorded to the women working there who are actually treated exactly like employees. This allows the brothels to continue to rip the women off, without providing compensation such as insurance, worker’s comp or other legal niceties. Being “legal” doesn’t confer any truly beneficial “legal” status in the workplace, something which is very, very lopsided. Brothels certainly don’t seem to conform to any sort of OSHA standards — which leads back around to the fact that rape and screwing around with a girl’s money can happen in some brothels but not others. The brothel system as it currently stands is very broken and only benefits the owners and the state. Why would anyone want to work for pimps like that? Dave — you’re one of those men who think you’re oh-so-well-meaning and so much smarter than us by telling us what we should and shouldn’t be doing for ourselves. We’ve heard your argument before, countless times. I don’t know what you’ve been doing to advance sex worker rights, but we’ll pursue decrim if that’s how we want the laws we live under structured, thank you very much. Reply Evie April 23, 2014 at 4:06 pm Re: independent contractors being treated like employees. Absolutely, and it’s the same situation in American strip clubs. Some are better than others, but I’ve never worked in a club that treated me like anything but an employee. My current place gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of schedule but we still have to pay that house fee, and late fees, tip outs for CRs, etc, are decided on the whims of whoever is managing that night, and how they feel about you. Strippers are also at risk for arrest, in my state an undercover cop can buy a lap dance, say you “offered or implied” sex for money, and his word is enough to get you charged with solicitation. Working inside legally may lower your risk of certain types of violence and abuse but you are still incredibly vulnerable and easy to exploit. Reply Amanda April 24, 2014 at 9:02 am I’d love if brothel workers sued the brothels or tried to unionize, but the pimps running the brothels have done a very good job of squelching any initiative for better working conditions or recognition of their legal status as employees. Reply Robin D April 23, 2014 at 7:59 pm Right?!!??? Actually neither is politically feasible in Colorado right now, so any change is going to have to be change that we MAKE politically feasible. In 2011, 32% thought it should be legal and 56% illegal, about the opposite of the numbers around marijuana. This holds true across party lines. They legally require an escort license too, already, but also can arrest you for prostitution. Some of us realize that you have to play the long game and chip away at criminalization from the bottom up. Also, that regulations should apply to businesses, not workers, and shouldn’t be more onerous than regular zoning laws and so on. Though I think the Nevada brothels have the right idea with the mandatory condom use (but not the testing). Curfews, shutting workers in, none of that is stuff that would be legal for any other business. Classifying employees as independent contractors like they do already isn’t, under labor law. But like the strip clubs they probably prefer the risk of a lawsuit in the current climate because it’s cheaper for them in aggregate. Should we have extra taxes? Would that help politically? Sure, maybe. But a ballot measure like Amendment 64 sure as shit isn’t going to be sufficient in any kind of near term. Reply Robin D April 23, 2014 at 8:02 pm Also, yeah – demands without contributing anything, that’s suuure familiar. Go start your own organizations or campaign. Hell get a measure on the ballot! It won’t pass, but it would get publicity and a chance to make the case for rights. Reply Kora April 24, 2014 at 3:23 am I work at a brothel, and this article is filled with inaccuracies. It also should not pretend to speak for all sex workers. It certainly doesn’t speak for me. The brothel doesn’t serve “the man,” it serves my wallet and my safety and security. I am for full decrim, full stop. HOWEVER, I really wish that independent escorts would stop shitting on brothel workers. You are no better or worse than us, and believe it or not, some sex workers (such as myself who have been on both sides of the fence, indie versus brothel work) PREFER brothel work. Indie work isn’t for everyone. Brothel work isn’t for everyone. How about advocating for the rights and choices of ALL sex workers, rather than just the ones in your inner circle? I really wish other sex workers would stop speaking for each other. Does the author even work at a brothel? Doubtful. Did she even interview any actual brothel workers? This is just more of the same crap that this site churns out. Why am I even surprised? Reply Caty Simon April 24, 2014 at 11:23 am Hey, it wasn’t Tits and Sass’ intention to shit on brothel workers, just brothel owners. If you feel we fucked it up, please, please submit a piece to us about your own experience! We’ve been looking for an insider to write about their work, but the people who were going to do it withdrew their submissions for fear of backlash they felt would follow them talking about their negative experience. My e-mail is simon.caty@gmail.com, and I’d really love it if you wrote a counterpoint piece, or anything you like. Reply Kora April 24, 2014 at 3:41 am “The brothel system as it currently stands is very broken and only benefits the owners and the state. Why would anyone want to work for pimps like that?” Wow- demeaning much? Once again, this site seems to be dedicated to shitting on sex workers who don’t do it the way the Marxist Feminist Tits and Sass crowd wants it done. Newsflash- your voices are no more or less important than other sex workers, including those who work in brothels. Reply Robin D April 24, 2014 at 3:18 pm You should take Caty up on her offer to write a counterpoint about your own experience (though obviously some of this varies brothel-to-brothel). I know one woman with a positive brothel experience and a whole bunch of horror stories from others… Anyway I don’t think most people are opposed to brothel work in general, but would prefer a brothel system more like those in New Zealand and New South Wales. Reply Amanda April 25, 2014 at 9:17 am I did work for a brothel for a very brief period of time and it was an eye-opening experience, to say the least. I’ve known a number of sex workers who do and do not like working in the brothels. Some of them have worked independently and some never have. The system as it currently stands is very broken and needs serious reform with the input of the workers. I’ve never advocated for ending the brothels because I recognize it’s a valid choice for many workers, especially in a criminalized country. That doesn’t mean the system couldn’t be improved. After all, it’s a legal system and therefore should be easier to improve than efforts to decriminalize, right? Giving half my money off the top to someone else is working for a pimp, IMO. Paying room and board is no different than touring independently but there is no sensible reason for the brothel to take half my earnings other than it was a system created by men living off the earnings of sex workers. Not to mention I get zero legal employee benefits for this money when, by all rights, I should be counted as an employee. The system rips off the women working in it and no, I don’t think it’s right — my sympathy is for the women. I guess that makes me a Marxist? Reply John Punter April 26, 2014 at 1:12 am There is nothing inherently bad about a sex worker having a pimp. It’s just that most pimps focus on taking advantage of the fact that sex workers are outcasts, rather than really earning their keep with security and promotion services. In that sense, NV brothels have a resemblance to pimps. The brothels extract more money than they need to, a create onerous working conditions, because they know sex workers have so few options. The point is not that there is anything wrong with feeling that NV brothels are the least bad among the current bad options for sex workers. The point of the article is that consenting adults should just be able to have at it. Brothels don’t meet the standard for the proper approach to government regulation in a free society. The standard being that people should be able to use there own judgement, unless there is factual evidence that government-imposed limitations are needed. Reply Caty Simon April 26, 2014 at 6:16 am There’s nothing wrong with a sex worker having an EMPLOYER or an EMPLOYEE, both roles which the different sorts of people called “pimps” have filled. Sex workers should be able to be employed or employ, just like any other worker and/or small business owner. But as you say, one of the reasons people filling those roles for sex workers have been called “pimps” is that the labor contracts many sex workers have with both licit and illicit employers have been grossly unfair. Reply Amanda April 26, 2014 at 9:55 am Caty and John — Both excellent points. I have no problem with support staff hired by the choice of the sex worker. Witness the many screening and marketing assistants now online. There are agencies that I wouldn’t have minded working for because they’ve gotten such good feedback from the women working for them, but they are rare.There’s only one US brothel I have heard good things about from a sex worker I trust. The “pimp” remark I make about brothels is because management seems determined to make money at any cost, regardless of the well-being of their employee; and they work as hard as possible to scrape as much off their employees as they can. The attitude isn’t treating the women like true employees or even like human beings, hence “pimp.” I understand that creating an underground economy by criminalizing prostitution leaves the door wide open for exploitation. Seeing the same exploitation, state-sanctioned and legalized, is reprehensible on many levels. Change is needed. If it’s supposed to be the “best” option, then make it the best option. John Punter April 29, 2014 at 12:57 am I wouldn’t disagree with you. What I posted previously was offensive to Kora, as someone who chose to work at an NV brothel because it was the best option available. There may be sex workers who give money to someone they feel they are getting some kind of support from, but it’s more complicated than any “standard” business relationship. I would want to listen to why they choose to do that before forming any definite opinion. It’s a problem how society can’t accept sex work as just another way of making a buck, a reasonable choice for some people. But we don’t want any new shaming creeping in place of the old. The plan of many sex workers is to work 100 days or less a year, pay their bills, and have a few splurges. Not crazy or dumb, just maybe encourage them to think a bit about the eventual “exit strategy”. It’s more worrisome when it seems like someone is using someone else. Could it be there are non-violent pimps out there, who are filling a need with similarities to the need sex workers sometimes fill for lonely johns? Of course, they would not be pimps if “pimp” has no non-pejorative sense. I think there are a lot of problems with sex workers being employees. For example, someone I’ve been seeing a lot of lately hates being touched on the sides of her head. It’s just in the nature of it that you have to be the one making the rules. Olivia Howard April 26, 2014 at 3:00 pm There are many things inherently bad and wrong about pimps. I’m defining pimps as someone that is exploitative lives off of the backs of women not legitimate agency owners that take 20% or less and handle all the screening, advertising through the agency owner’s client list and the internet. The distinction is important. Women that work for an agency are free to leave any time and are not treated as chattel and otherwise controlled by a pimp. These women working at these so-called brothels are being exploited, restricted, controlled and stolen from by the brothel owners, and, more importantly, it’s sanctioned by the local governments. It’s disgusting and appalling. Indy women do not need “security” or “promotion”. All an independent escort needs is access to the internet and a phone and they can perform these supposed pimp “services”. Most screening is done to ensure the client isn’t law enforcement not to determine if they are dangerous. Good screening techniques can be found in online books (Amanda Brook’s “The Internet Escort’s Handbook 1: The Foundation” is an excellent example) and in blogs like mine (www.hookerincorporated). Women can promote themselves by advertising on local review boards, Eros.com, Preferred411.com, My Red Book.com and The Erotic Review.com. There is literally NO reason any woman to pay anyone for alleged protection or to act as a promoter unless they choose to pay an agency owner a reasonable fee for a legitimate service. The WHOLE point is that there is something socially and morally wrong with the Nevada brothels laws and regulations. It’s thinking like this that allows women to be basically held captive and submit to medical examinations that may or may not be given with good will. There is literally NO reason at all for government sanctioned business like these to exist. Prostitution should be decriminalized and that’s the end of it. It’s no one’s business what a woman does with her body. The important issue is that people aren’t exploited and are allowed to earn a living as they see fit, and that’s not happening in these brothels or anywhere in the US. Reply Clare April 29, 2014 at 5:35 am So when it comes to sex works, Tits and Sass is espousing the libertarian view of “no regulation” at all? Good to know. Reply Caty Simon April 29, 2014 at 5:28 pm Decriminalization, actually. The New Zealand system. Look it up. Not “no regulation at all,” and certainly not nec. libertarian in spirit, but similar regulations as other businesses, not draconian government overregulation specifically for the sex industry. Reply Cancel reply Leave a Comment Name * E-mail * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. { 5 trackbacks } Guest Columnist: Christina Parreira | The Honest Courtesan What's it really like working in a legal Nevada brothel? - TRPWL : TRPWL What’s it really like working in a legal Nevada brothel? | Adult WIkiMedia What’s it really like working in a legal Nevada brothel? | The Rob Black Website The Ten Most Popular Tits And Sass Posts of 2014 Previous post: Sex Worker/Social Worker: An Ethics Roundtable Next post: Stacks & Cats $upport us Do you like what we do? Help sustain the site! Send gifts through Venmo Co-Editors Caty Simon Josephine Editors Emeritae Charlotte Shane Natalie Kat Bettie Johanna Bubbles Burbujas Tits and Sass Contributors Month In Links Editor Red Search Search for: Archives Archives Select Month October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 Categories Activism Art Ask Ms. Harm Reduction Big Mother Is Watching You Blast From the Past Blond Leading the Blind Books Cam Girls Clients Cops Dear Tits and Sass Fetish Furballs & Funds Great Sex Work Moments in Pop Culture History Health Interviews Labor Law Media Money Month In Links Movies My Sex Work Bucket List Naked Music Monday News Phone Sex Photo Friday Politics Porn Pro-Domme Prostitution Quote of the Week Race Reviews Sex Work Sells Sex Worker History Silly Media Coverage Site News Strippers Support Hos Television The Week in Links This Time, It's Personal Tina Fey Hates Sex Workers Tools of the Trade Trafficking Uncategorized Videos Weekly Unwrap What is Sex Work? YER ART SUX You're Not Funny Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes. WordPress Admin
http://www.beginnerescortguide.com/how-to-find-an-escort/|_|Overview Find An Escort The Cost How To Call An Escort Prep For Your Escort How To Date Your Escort Never Get Busted By Cops About JJ JJ0 Comments How To Find An Escort Many people think that finding an escort and having sex with her is as easy as calling her, giving her the money, and then getting laid. But newbies who decide to find and date an escort realize there are some unanticipated pitfalls and landmines with escorts. Some of the things they start to realize: Your challenge with escorts is to avoid the pitfalls. I have the best answers and solutions. What if she is a cop? Can I get arrested? What if she robs me or her pimp beats me up? Why is she asking me for my employment information? Why do I get hung up on? When do I give her the money? When these thoughts start to enter your mind, you realize that the world of escorts is more complicated than you originally thought. Well, I’m here to demystify this world and help you find an escort who will satisfy your sexual fantasies and needs. There are five simple steps to dating an escort: Finding a good escort Preparing to call her Calling her Preparing for your date Dating her ***Btw, if you have a specific question or issue, email me at “jj@beginnerescortguide.com and I’ll try to answer it as soon as I can***   Step 1 – Find an escort who you are attracted to AND who is a good provider Finding the “RIGHT” escort for you at the outset is the most important step of the process This step is the most important in the process. Selecting a good escort will make the remaining steps a lot easier. Obviously, selecting a bad escort will make the following steps hell, and perhaps unrecoverable. Click here for an in-depth, detailed explanation on how to find an escort. But here are the basics. You must first look at where escorts advertise. The largest sites are: Backpage.com CityVibe.com Eros.com There could be smaller regional sites in your area (and they are good resources if they exist), but the larger sites are a good place to start. When looking at the postings, you’ll quickly find escorts who you are attracted to. But you also want to look out for possible scam escorts. Here are some warning signs to look for: If her picture is “too good to be true”, she probably is, but not always. Good research will reveal the truth. Studio pictures – this sometimes (not always) indicates that it could be a bait and switch, where the picture is not really her Multiple listings – if her listing exist in multiple cities, this could indicate a scam If you are still concerned about your selection, here is an advanced strategy for verifying if she is a good escort or not .   Step 2: Get prepared for your call I cannot stress this enough: the purpose of the call is to set your appointment, nothing else. A common newbie mistake is asking her questions about different sex acts during your phone call. This is a huge no-no. And if she is an undercover cop, you’re heading down an easy road of getting arrested. For the quick, professional advise on how to NEVER get arrested, click here.   Before calling the escort, you’ll want to get three things ready: Research Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment References   Research Proper research is essential not just to protect yourself and to get the woman you want, but also to secure a date with her too. Not being prepared will jeopardize your changes with her (and most escorts). Research as much as you can about your chosen woman. Most good escorts will have a website with general information and answers to commonly asked questions. With her ad, along with her website, you should find most of your questioned answered. If you want to take an advanced approach, check with review sites for reviews of her from your fellow hobbyists. There many review sites out there, but one specific site is better than the rest. Click here for a video on exactly how I used this review sites to find an escort.   Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment You should know the when and where of your preferred appointment, and a few alternate times if your first choice is not available. The more open your schedule is, the more likely it is that you’ll get an appointment. Also, time is one of the elements determines the cost of the appointment. The average date is 1 hour, although spending an evening with each other is typically very enjoyable with higher end escorts. The other two elements that determines cost is how beautiful she is and the “level of service” she provides. If you want more detailed knowledge, download my “Expected Cost Guide”. I also give a video explanation of the various cost of escort donation fees. Download it here.     References Being prepared to get verified is one of the key things to getting an appointment. But if you are a newbie with no references, this can be a challenge. But there are ways to overcome it. This is one that tends to throw off newbies. When an escort asks for references, they are looking for one (or two) of these three things: 1) two escorts that you’ve seen in past, 2) employment information, or 3) verification credentials. Obviously if you are a newbie, you will not have two escort references. That means you’re down to either employment information, or verification credentials. The reason why escorts will screen you is because they want to make sure you are not a serial killer or psycho. Verification is one method women will use to protect themselves. Click here for detailed advice on escort verification sites.   Step 3: Making the call Being calm, cool, confident, and collected is my #1 tip and strategy when calling an escort. When calling her, treat her like one of your buddies, but keep your call short. If you’d like to see a video on how a gentleman called an escort, click here. Calling an escort is where the rubber hits the road. Again, I cannot stress enough, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment, nothing else. If you’ve prepared yourself enough, this should be quite simple. Call her, get the appointment, and get off the phone. My best recommendation for this is to treat her as if she was one of your friends or buddies. Use a calm, casual, confident voice. Then get the appointment and get off the phone. Try to make the phone call reasonably short. Do not try to engage her into a conversation, and do not ask her questions that you should already know the answer to. Check out this video on how a gentleman called an escort. He did some things right, but also made some mistakes. Click here to watch the video. Two-Call System The two-call system applies to incall situations (you are going to her). Most escorts will not give you their exact location in your first phone call. Rather, they will give you an approximate location, like major cross streets. When you get close to their location, you call them again stating that you are arriving, and this is typically where they give you their exact location. Sometimes, it may be even a three-call system. In your second call, she may give you the hotel she is staying at, but she may not give you her room number until you actually arrive. Accept the information she gives you in the initial phone calls. Do not force her to give an exact location. Doing so could cause her to cancel the appointment. Remember, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment. In this video, I will show you how this gentleman called an escort. I will also share with you some mistakes he made so you can avoid them when calling an escort. Click here to watch the video.   Step 4: Prepare for your date Preparation is slightly different depending on whether your date with the escort is an incall or an outcall. Incall is less work than outcall because in outcall, you are the host. I will cover incall first.   Incall Preparation Fresh breath and a clean body is an absolute must! Brush your teeth, use mouthwash, and take a shower. Having good hygiene will get you maximum mileage with her! The most important thing you should do when preparing yourself for your date is to have great hygiene. Take a shower before you go to your date. Brush your teeth and use mouthwash. Smelling good and having fresh breath is not only considerate, but will also get you the most mileage from your escort, now and in the future. Next, make sure you have good directions and you know where you are going. Leave yourself plenty of time to get to your appointment. You will want to arrive 10-15 minutes early. Outcall Preparation Hygiene is still the most important. I covered it in the incall preparation, and it’s exactly the same here. However, also you are the host, so you’ll want to have a few things for your escort guest. First, tidy up the room, making sure it is clean and not cluttered. This should be no problem if you just checked in or if room service recently cleaned. Leave a fresh towel and toiletries for your escort guest, making sure these toiletries are unused and unopen. Lastly, offer some refreshments. You can go as fancy as you want, but simply having bottled water on ice is more than enough to be a good host.   Step 5: The date   The date is the easiest part. But there are two areas where newbies make mistakes. Never talk about the money. Never ever. Place the “donation” in a blank envelope and place it where she can easily see it. One of these areas is the donation. Place your donation for her in a blank envelope, and set it in an inconspicuous spot. The two best places are either the bathroom counter, or on top of a desk or dresser. Be sure to make it easy for the escort to spot. You do not want to hand the money to her directly! The reason for this is the money is intended as a donation for her time. Handing the money to her could legally interpreted as money in exchange for a sex act. Click here for more information on “is prostitution legal and is escorting legal?”. Now, on getting things started. The escort will know that you are nervous, so usually she will strip an article of clothing first. I suggest using the mirror technique. When she takes an article of clothing off, you take off that same article of clothing off. Soon you’ll find yourself having the time of your life, and next time, you won’t be a newbie any longer.   Conclusion I hope you got some great information from my article. The next step is to learn the most common mistakes most men make when finding, calling, and going on an appointment with an escort. Avoiding these mistakes will go a long way to your personal safety, your success, and your experience with an escort. You may have instant access to my “Avoid the 10 Mistakes Most Men Make with Escorts”. Click here to download it instantly. Good luck with your endeavor with escorts! It’s a great life to have the ability to spend time with beautiful women who really know how to treat a man. And if you have any questions that I may be able to help you with, email me at jj@beginnerescortguide.com.   Search for: Copyright © 2016 · BeginnerEscortGuide.com · All Rights Reserved - We take your privacy very seriously. Disclaimer: Results will vary, and you should not use this information as a substitute for help from a licensed professional. Good luck! By entering, you agree to our terms and conditions. By entering your email address you are also requesting and agreeing to subscribe to our email newsletter. You must be 18 or older to enter. You can read our FTC Disclosure Statement. If you need to contact support, please go to the Contact Us link below. Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us
http://www.bluelight.org/vb/archive/index.php/t-613292.html|_|Bluelight > Community > Sex, Love and Relationships > Escort services PDA View Full Version : Escort services Janja 04-03-2012, 01:55 Hi. You don't need to know my name but I am 24 and am still a virgin. I want to have sex with a women. I considering saving up and purchasing an escort to lose my virginity. I just have general questions on escort services and any information that you may have would be very helpful. Thank you. I don't want a strip dance or anything like that, I want to penetrate (with condom whatever) and the only requirement I have is a relatively clean-looking girl/women. I see a number of escort services listed for my area (NE USA) in my Yellow Pages book. When I call, how do I properly express a desire to "have sex" and not anything else, like a 'hot oil rub'? Is there a specific term I should use when I call that may be "coded" or "known only in the industry"? I really want to have sex so any help would be appreciated. I am a good looking man, but I am shy and don't want to try and find a girlfriend for the night in a bar or something, and I don't have a well paying job for a long term girlfriend at the moment. Again, any help is awesome. Thanks. :) TheLostBoys 04-03-2012, 05:31 You're better off going to a bar & getting a girl. Once you get a girl drinking & shes enjoying your company, you usually will get laid.......... If you wanna go the escort route, make sure you explain the person you call what you're looking for in a woman. Dont say anything on the phone about sex & how much money for certain sexual encounters. If you want step by step on what to do correctly, just google your question about escorts & you should get an answer..........remember, google is your friend. shahab6 04-03-2012, 09:06 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Janja 04-03-2012, 10:14 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. shahab6 04-03-2012, 21:12 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. no problem, keep us updated on your experience. i against i 04-03-2012, 21:34 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! BeachBum4u 06-03-2012, 01:49 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! DITTO! She'll most likely have you so turned on, you'll be done before you even get started with intercourse. For someone in your situation, it's just biologically "the way it is". I don't know what else to tell you but do try your best to enjoy it though. It doesn't get much better than new p*ssy!! Alex000 06-03-2012, 05:59 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. xstayfadedx 06-03-2012, 06:38 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? Anyways I think you shouldn't do it... Its just not worth it. You should wait until you find someone because what are you going to do when you want to have sex again? (I'm sure you will want to). Are you going to call up the escorts every time? Isn't it actually more nerve racking getting an escort than just a regular chick.... I don't know but think this through. shahab6 06-03-2012, 18:22 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. well his going to be practing until the right girl comes a long. Plus he mentioned he doesn't want to get a gf. Jonb 07-03-2012, 02:20 Remember you aren't paying for sex... You are paying her to leave. Nothing wrong with that IMO. J Alex007 07-03-2012, 02:29 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. billdeserthills 07-03-2012, 03:24 I can't believe all the negativity on here. You should do as you like, as you have no one to please save yourself. Not that I have ever paid for it, but millions of people have and nobody can say they were all wrong. augustaB 07-03-2012, 03:50 Gee, I lost my cherry to a hooker when I was just 17. She was nice really. It was just me that was stupid ;) Lots of escorts advertise in the classifieds. The younger ones charge more. A mature lady may well be more understanding. Please be polite when do your visit and please don't be drunk. Hookers hate having to deal with drunks. Agree your price and what you want before starting. Don't take more money than you can afford with you. Don't be shy and don't hide your body away. A working girl will have seen more men's bodies than you can imagine. As long as it's clean they don't mind too much. Be friendly but don't expect friendship. I had a period in my life that I visited lots of hookers. Some of them were nice, some of them indifferent. Everyone was different, so just be yourself. stardust.hero 07-03-2012, 03:55 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Amazing advice. The part about gaining confidence is really important. Goodluck Janja <3 axl blaze 07-03-2012, 07:25 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) shahab6 07-03-2012, 19:43 They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the . has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Also not doing something in fear of it going bad is no excuse in not doing something. Im sure a lot of us got bad drug product, but that didnt stop us from not ever doing it, we went to someone else. Thats the problem when things are illegal, if it was legal, like someplaces, you don't have to worry about that stuff. When things are illegal, it can create many problems for both parties. When its not regulated, bad things can happen to both side. LuGoJ 07-03-2012, 20:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. shahab6 07-03-2012, 21:25 Also if you found a good looking friendly nice one, You can call her again. so you don't have to keep looking again for another.. As other say they can scam you. But then again half the fun is looking for new one, and being with a new one. xstayfadedx 08-03-2012, 00:55 not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? billdeserthills 08-03-2012, 05:51 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? Sorry, I still don't get it PriestTheyCalledHim 08-03-2012, 06:18 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? I get it. In a lot of places paying for a prostitue is illegal. In other places it's completely legal. I don't know where the OP is from so for all I know prostitution could be completely legal in the country where he's from. I don't think it's the best thing to buy sex or even do sex for pay as your first time having sex with someone but everyone's different and while I've never done either some people have done one or the other and it's their choice. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:05 Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. The fact that you used the word hobbyist shows that you know what you are talking about. OP, forget every single thing that everyone has told u on this thread and focus on what LuGoJ just advised, " I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before even entertaining the idea." On those forums you will discover which agencies are legit and which aren't and which chicks are GFE and which are scams. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:15 has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Let's just say someone very very close to me runs a legitimate agency that assures GFE and client satisfaction. Every wealthy hobbyist from NYC, Boston, Vermont, etc comes to my Canadian city to hobby. If you know anything about the game you could easily guess which city that is. Many chicks are infamous for ditching their clients in the first 30 mins. Some will exploit you with " extra options", and since pussy is such a strong drug, they'll leave u with nothing. Some chicks will straight up tell u to go pay the receptionist, and by the time u get back the "receptionist" will disappear and the escort as well. Some will lie and tell their pimp or the driver that u tried to beat them up, and u know exactly what happens after that. Trust me it's a dirty game. DrunkardsDream 08-03-2012, 07:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. What is GFE? OP-Do you really want to lose your virginity to a hooker? If you do this use condoms but if the prostitute is any good they'll make you use condoms. Don't a lot of hookers use condoms when sucking dick? Do people give oral sex or rim jobs to female prostitutes or would someone actually want to do this? I know among bisexual and gay men that oral sex sometimes just giving or sometimes just getting is a staple and it's sex but many of us will do it to a BF/partner for hours at a time if we can. I'm not into rimming but I have friends who really enjoy it and love to get it or do it to someone. The only guys I've ever known who don't like getting oral sex or giving oral sex are men who are only into either getting or giving anal sex and that's mainly all they do when they have sex. I am OK with giving anal sex to a man but I want him to be a partner and we use condoms. I have dated men who all they wanted to do was anal sex and I found them to be very boring. I agree with XstayfadedX, the first time you have sex it might not be all that special but you're going to want to do it again with whoever it is and it could be that same night or pretty soon after that. I'm a gay man and while I have never paid for sex I have some older gay male friends who have and they're mainly only attracted to younger adult gay men and have trouble finding them in bars or on hook up sites, and some only do it once a year or a few times a year when they travel for business. Others have kinks or fetishes that their partner does not like to do or doesn't understand so they pay someone to do it for them like how some men pay a Dominatrix. Alex007 08-03-2012, 08:18 GFE means Girlfriend Experience. In GFE, the escort offers you services that are typical of a girlfriend; BBBJ (blowjob without a condom) LFK/DFK (light or deep french kissing) DATY(eating her pussy) and penetration with a condom. If the client is not getting these services even though he paid for GFE, he is getting fucked in the ass. Client can also opt for extras on top of the basic GFE services. This would include things like CIM( cumming in her mouth) GREEK(anal sex), etc. All of these will cost extra. However, some chicks might provide these services in the basic GFE package, which is a great offer especially if she is superrrrrrrr hot. And yes, some escorts rim guys and vice-versa. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
http://www.cityvibe.com/|_|Post Join Login Your Local Escort Directory View Available Now (349) 371 Cities United States Alabama Anniston Auburn Birmingham Huntsville Mobile   Alaska Anchorage   Arizona Phoenix Tucson   Arkansas Little Rock   California Bakersfield Chico Fresno Inland Empire Los Angeles Orange County Palm Springs Sacramento San Diego San Fernando Valley San Francisco San Gabriel Valley San Jose Santa Barbara Santa Maria Visalia   Colorado Boulder Colorado Springs Denver   Connecticut Cromwell Eastern Connecticut Hartford New Haven New London   D.C. Washington   Delaware Wilmington   Florida Fort Lauderdale Miami Orlando Palm Beach Panama City St Petersburg Tampa West Palm Beach   Georgia Atlanta Duluth Savannah   Hawaii Honolulu   Idaho Boise   Illinois Bloomington Chicago Peoria Springfield   Indiana Indianapolis Merrillville   Iowa Cedar Rapids Des Moines Iowa City Waterloo   Kansas Overland Park Wichita   Kentucky Louisville   Louisiana Alexandria Baton Rouge Lafayette New Orleans   Maine Maine Portland   Maryland Baltimore   Massachusetts Boston South Coast Springfield Worcester   Michigan Detroit   Minnesota Duluth Minneapolis   Mississippi Biloxi Jackson   Missouri Kansas City Saint Louis   Nebraska Lincoln Omaha   Nevada Las Vegas Reno/Tahoe   New Jersey Elizabeth Newark North Jersey   New Mexico Albuquerque   New York Albany New York City Utica Westchester   North Carolina Charlotte Fayetteville Greensboro Raleigh   North Dakota Fargo   Ohio Cincinnati Cleveland Columbus Dayton   Oklahoma Oklahoma City Tulsa   Oregon Beaverton Eugene Medford Portland Salem   Pennsylvania Allentown Philadelphia Pittsburgh   Rhode Island Providence   South Carolina Columbia Greenville Myrtle Beach   Tennessee Cookeville Knoxville Memphis Nashville   Texas Amarillo Austin Dallas Denton El Paso Fort Worth Galveston Houston Killeen Longview Lubbock Odessa San Antonio Waco   Utah Provo Salt Lake City   Virginia Arlington Northern Virginia Richmond   Washington Everett Seattle Tacoma Tri-cities   West Virginia Charleston   Wisconsin Appleton Milwaukee   Canada Ontario Toronto   Quebec Montreal   India Pune   Mexico Tijuana   United Kingdom England London Manchester   What's New FAQ Videos Contact Us Twitter Careers View Mobile Site Submit Your Site Change timezone Copyright © 2016 Cityvibe.com All rights reserved.   Please read our disclaimer before entering this site: All advertiser content contained in this web site are provided to Cityvibe.com by individuals for the purposes of paid advertisements and are the sole responsibility of the individual advertisers. Cityvibe.com assumes no responsibility and cannot be held responsible for any claims arising from advertising.  While Cityvibe does not create nor produce any content listed on our ads; all of our advertisements must comply with our age and content standards.  Cityvibe has a zero tolerance policy for child pornography or minors advertising or utilizing our site. I agree to report any illegal services or activites which violate Terms of Use.  I also agree to report suspected exploitation of minors and/or human trafficking to the appropriate authorities. For Germany: In order to contact the YPA, please click on this link or on the Report Abuse link at the bottom of the page.  Access is made available only to those who accept the terms of the following agreement. I do not find sexual or adult oriented material about erotic private dancers, escorts, massage experts, strippers, sensual adult entertainers or any other adult oriented material to be offensive or objectionable. I am at least 18 years of age and have the legal right to possess adult material in my community. I understand the laws and standards set in my community, site and computer to which I am transporting this material including but not limited to photos, pictures, and videos of private dancers, escorts, massage experts, exotic strippers, adult entertainers and am solely responsible for my own actions. Under penalty of perjury, I solemnly affirm that I am over the age of 18 and that I am not accessing cityvibe.com for the purpose of obtaining information and/or to photos, pictures, and videos of private dancers, escorts, massage experts, strippers, adult entertainers that will be used by others or me in any capacity against the Webmaster of this site, its owners, employees or any other parties associated with cityvibe.com. We provide advertisements and links to referral services for independent contractors. We do not provide access to sites which engage in illegal sexual activities, nor do we condone the same. These sites provide referral services only and any violations of this declaration should be brought to our attention immediately. By continuing past this page I will have released and discharged the providers, owners and creators of this site from any and all liability that might arise. I understand that book marking to a page on this server/site whereby this warning page is by passed shall constitute an implicit acceptance of the foregoing terms set forth herein.  By entering this site I give Cityvibe express written permission to contact me by SMS text, automated dial, or email. Cityvibe respects your privacy and under no circumstances shall your information be shared with any other party. ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions and allow cityvibe to contact me via sms. Message and data rates may apply.  exit website
http://www.gq-magazine.co.uk/article/gq-girls-anka-radakovich-on-the-girlfriend-escort-experience|_|FASHION WATCHES CULTURE GROOMING LIFESTYLE GIRLS GQ VIDEO GIRLS More + FASHION WATCHES CULTURE GROOMING LIFESTYLE GIRLS GQ VIDEO FITNESS POLITICS CARS SPORT FOOD & DRINK CATWALK GQ STYLE MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE Follow Twitter Facebook Instagram Newsletter 1/0 9 trends you need to know for autumn FASHION 9 trends you need to know for autumn London's best cocktail bars FOOD & DRINK London's best cocktail bars Louis Theroux: 'Scientologists are not bad people' FILM Louis Theroux: 'Scientologists are not bad people' Mafia 3 is dark, violent and racially charged GAMES Mafia 3 is dark, violent and racially charged Hedi Slimane rejoins Twitter, launches epic YSL tirade FASHION BUSINESS Hedi Slimane rejoins Twitter, launches epic YSL tirade The sexiest girls at Paris Fashion Week S/S '17 GIRLS The sexiest girls at Paris Fashion Week S/S '17 The Grand Tour's first official trailer is here THE GRAND TOUR The Grand Tour's first official trailer is here GQ Menswear briefing: 3 must-read stories for 7 October FASHION BUSINESS GQ Menswear briefing: 3 must-read stories for 7 October Bastille: 5 things you didn't know about one of Britain's favourite indie bands CULTURE Bastille: 5 things you didn't know about one of Britain's favourite indie bands Hottest Women of the Week: Emily Blunt is our leading lady in New York GIRLS Hottest Women of the Week: Emily Blunt is our leading lady in New York 14 best new menswear items in the world this week SHOPPING 14 best new menswear items in the world this week Humans Season 2 calls for a 'synthetic human collection service' TV Humans Season 2 calls for a 'synthetic human collection service' Kirsty Gallacher: Live on British GQ Facebook SPORT Kirsty Gallacher: Live on British GQ Facebook Girl On The Train is off the rails FILM Girl On The Train is off the rails Fashion Watches Culture Grooming Lifestyle Girls GQ Video Fitness Politics Cars Sport Food & Drink Catwalk GQ Style Magazine Subscribe Follow GQ Top stories FASHION 9 trends you need to know for autumn FOOD & DRINK London's best cocktail bars FILM Louis Theroux: 'Scientologists are not bad people' GAMES Mafia 3 is dark, violent and racially charged FASHION BUSINESS Hedi Slimane rejoins Twitter, launches epic YSL tirade GIRLS The sexiest girls at Paris Fashion Week S/S '17 THE GRAND TOUR The Grand Tour's first official trailer is here FASHION BUSINESS GQ Menswear briefing: 3 must-read stories for 7 October CULTURE Bastille: 5 things you didn't know about one of Britain's favourite indie bands GIRLS Hottest Women of the Week: Emily Blunt is our leading lady in New York SHOPPING 14 best new menswear items in the world this week TV Humans Season 2 calls for a 'synthetic human collection service' SPORT Kirsty Gallacher: Live on British GQ Facebook FILM Girl On The Train is off the rails GIRLS The real-life girlfriend experience Story by Anka Radakovich Thursday 29 March 2012 Photography by iStock Story by Anka Radakovich Thursday 29 March 2012 These days, when a man pays for a high-priced call girl, he wants more bang for his buck. Escorts are not known for kissing their clients, but today men are paying for high-priced escorts who are willing to kiss them, "date" them, and be their pretend girlfriends. It's called the "girlfriend experience", and escorts are no longer called hookers, prostitutes, whores or hos; they are now called "providers". Customers, previously known as punters, or Johns, or dirty old men now refer to themselves as "hobbyists". Kristin Davis, the Manhattan Madam whose former clients included New York's Governor Eliot Spitzer, says that when men call up and want the GFE, (or the girlfriend experience), they ask for a "a nice girl" which is escort code, since prostitutes don't want to describe over the phone what sexual activity will be exchanged for money. "This usually means that they want kissing and unprotected oral," she says. "It's code for paying for things a girlfriend would do with her boyfriend such as foreplay, non-rushed sex, and cuddling," she notes, a concept interesting to any woman (and believe me there are many) who have had sex for free with no foreplay, two minutes of penetration, and zero cuddling. It's also a trend explored by Steven Soderbergh in his 2009 film The Girlfriend Experience featuring adult film star Sasha Grey, pictured. Advertisement The GFE starts with dinner at a nice restaurant followed by making out on the sofa back at her place - often her own flat, where the sexual menu generally includes - DFK (deep French kissing), BBBJ, (bare-back blow job), DATY (dining at the Y), mish (missionary), doggie, and if she's really a good girlfriend A level (anal sex). There are websites (such as theeroticreview.com) where men with a fun hobby can read restaurant-style restaurant reviews of high-end UK prostitutes. On the Erotic Review website you can see pretty much what you're getting via links to the provider's site and titillating reviews. MORE GIRLS The sexiest girls at Paris Fashion Week S/S '17 GIRLS The sexiest girls at Paris Fashion Week S/S '17 Hottest Women of the Week: Emily Blunt is our leading lady in New York GIRLS Hottest Women of the Week: Emily Blunt is our leading lady in New York Hottest Women of the Week: Rihanna unveils new fashion range in Paris GIRLS Hottest Women of the Week: Rihanna unveils new fashion range in Paris Zara Larsson: Live on British GQ Facebook now GIRLS Zara Larsson: Live on British GQ Facebook now Between £200 and £1,200 buys you a dream girlfriend who is an eight ("totally hot"), a nine ("model material"), or even a ten ("I can't believe it's a service!"). Reading the provider reviews assures that you'll never get a four ("only if you're drunk"), a three ("homely"), a two ("ugly"), or a one ("I was really scared"). Reviews are blow-by-blow and start with a description of how the escort looked at first glance ("She opened the door scantily clad in sexy lingerie and very high, high heels"). Then her body parts are sized up. The Erotic Review website has a check list of breast appearance that includes perky, rock hard, super-nice, droopy and unnatural. Under pussy the choices are natural, partially shaved and shaved. The PSE or porn star experience is increasingly popular, since guys watch so much porn they want to actually have sex with the real thing. Advertisement According to Mckenzies Escorts, which provides escorts throughout the UK that combine the GFE with the PSE, "If you are looking for an unbelievably naughty girlfriend experience with a real porn star, look no further! All of our porn star escorts have insatiable appetites for wild encounters. None of them are ever shocked. They are the naughtiest, dirtiest, filthiest sluts available." According to the Erotic Review, escorts are rated on a one to ten scale for performance. "An escort provider is only eligible to earn up to a seven, the site notes, "unless she is willing to perform one or some of the following during a session: kisses with tongue, bare-back blow job, really bi and anal sex. For each of these services, her potential max score is raided by one point, with ten as an absolute maximum." For those aspiring to try a new "hobby", the newbie board on the Erotic Review answers all questions and suggests how to get started. "How do you pay?" asks one guy. "I don't want my wife to see my credit card statement." "You put the cash into an envelope," answers an experienced hobbyist. "Then you hand it to the girl beforehand. It's called the donation." Er, duh! Veronica Monet, a former escort who wrote a book called Sex Secrets Of Escorts, says that the girlfriend experience is popular because the men requesting it "want an intellectual and emotional connection". On the Erotic Review message boards, escorts also join in the discussion. During one exchange a provider writes, "I always have regulars who fall in love with me. It's really annoying." Advertisement As part of a sex survey conducted by the site, 50 per cent of those who responded said they were married. Another 44 per cent said they "would leave their 'SO' (significant other) for an active provider". "Since I've become an escort," says another woman, "I've never had so many marriage proposals in my life." Originally published in the November 2009 issue of British GQ. Anka Radakovich is GQ's Sex Columnist. For more on The Girlfriend Experience read Sasha Grey's girlfriend experience by GQ's Jamie Millar. Share this Article RECOMMENDED Gaming Special: Real-life games CULTUREGaming Special: Real-life games STORY BY LOUISE DONOVAN Revealed: real life in the Playboy Mansion CULTURERevealed: real life in the Playboy Mansion STORY BY MAX WILLIAMS When the Yes Man met the Dice Man CULTUREWhen the Yes Man met the Dice Man STORY BY DANNY WALLACE Are you ready-to-wear rock? CULTUREAre you ready-to-wear rock? STORY BY GQ MAGAZINE Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Careers Contact Us © Condé Nast UK 2016 Information Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Careers Contact Us © Condé Nast UK 2016
http://www.luxury-thailand-travel.com/girlfriend-experience-in-thailand.html|_|ABOUT   DISCOVER THAILAND   THINGS TO KNOW   WHAT TO DO   FOOD AND RECIPES   BANGKOK SCENE   OTHER THINGS   NAUGHTY BITS    Girlfriend Experience in Thailand All you need to know about having the best time of your life in the City of Angels  Here's looking at you kid 2 Save  Girlfriend Experience in Thailand So many of the male visitors to my site are constantly asking me how to best go about getting a true girlfriend experience in the city of angels while eliminating some of the hurdles, hassles or horror stories that you may or may not have heard about. Hopefully I will be able to shed a little light on this sexy subject, including many of the myths and misconceptions you might encounter. But first I'd like to separate fact from fiction between a girlfriend relationship experience with a Thai female and that of a girlfriend sexual experience with a Thai female. The content on this page is dedicated to foreign nationals wishing to share a few fun-filled hours with a pretty Thai female sex worker. That is, whether you wish to visit a go-go bar, a beer bar, a massage parlour or an escort agency. The term Girlfriend Experience, also commonly known as GFE is generally considered to be a kind of personal interaction between yourself and the pretty girl you think might be able to add just that little extra sparkle to your possible boring existence, even if it is only for a short while. I imagine it's kinda like being in heaven if this is what you imagine heaven to be.  Sexy Thai Girls 2 Save  An erotic girlfriend experience in Thailand can vary from one person to another and sinfully put, goes way beyond simply having sex. It can mean the difference between things like not having to rush headlong into things and having a lot more quality time. It can also mean more satisfying interaction when it comes to things like french kissing, foreplay, fellatio, and who knows, a heck of a lot more. What I really want to focus on here is to give you some insight into the solutions on what is needed in order to have the maximum of fun and where you need to go in order get that much fun. We will also look at some of the pitfalls and what you need to look out for. It might just be worth your while to fast track your ability to get "street smart" as soon as you possibly can. It can make all the difference between having a really great time and being sorely disappointed.  And there are always going to be some who continually complain when their girlfriend experience in Thailand goes horribly wrong. There are those who find themselves in the wrong place at the wrong time. There are those who have had far too much to drink. And there are those who are a little too impolite or there are those who simply look unkempt and carry too much excess baggage.  Pattaya Beer Bar Girls 2 Save The Good, the Bad and the Ugly Heartfelt Complaints and Common Mistakes Heartfelt complaints can be girls who turn a long time into a short time. Girls wanting to push off earlier than expected or leaving first thing in the morning. There are always going to be tons of reasons why your girlfriend experience in Thailand can go in all the wrong directions. There is a simple explanation to this. One common mistake I frequently see being made over and over again in Thailand is that far too many naive and unfamiliar hot blooded males get overly excited or just plain gaga when confronted by so many beautiful females in a place where it's the exact opposite in their own natural environment or ideology. What you need to understand, is that you must on all accounts, stay focused and never ever be in too much of a hurry in your final decision making. If you are, you could easily end up choosing the wrong girl and with that, your dream experience could be long gone. Never ever give up though, as there are plenty more coming your way. Be patient. You know what they say - If you miss one bus, there's another on its way, sooner than you think. Other common mistakes people make that need to be addressed are as follows: Always behave in a respectful and courteous manner. You'll be surprised how many doors you'll be able to open and with good cause too. That Thai girl you've chosen will see this as a sign you have shown good faith and good face. And with that, she'll more than likely take care of you just that little bit extra. Just remember Thai girls also like to be treated well too. As a bonus, tell her that if her cards are stacked in the right places, there's going to be a very nice tip at the end of the performance. Don't be too stingy now. It's all going to go for a good cause.  Happy Go-Go Bar Girls in Pattaya 2 Save Girlfriend Experience in Thailand  Go-Go Bars To begin with, you have to understand that not every day is going to be a good day just like everything else that's destined to happen in your life, so you'll have to appreciate there are no guarantees either. However, if you go out there with your best foot forward, you'll be well on your way through the hurdles I'm going to guide you across. Some are so much better than others. Though there are many ways to enjoy a girlfriend experience in Thailand, some involve more effort than others. In this article I'm only going to cover the ones that require as little effort as possible and where you'll get to encounter a true girlfriend experience in Thailand. These are based on my personal experiences. In my opinion, getting to know the girls in Go-Go Bars can be a harrowing experience, especially for the novice as you never quite know who or what you might end up with. Once you enter a go-go bar - and it doesn't matter where in Thailand you are - you're going to be a target with the possibility of just too many girls clambering for your attention all at once. This has happened to me many times and believe it or not, it could happen to you too. Don't get me wrong, you might love it I'd have to say that go-go bars are not the best places to start looking for your first true girlfriend experience. That is not until you've you've gained of at least some knowledge of how things work in these establishments. The reason for this is that in all the chaos and confusion and coupled with the fact that you may have consumed one too many drinks, the girls appear way too willing to please. And a simple explanation to this, could be because all these girls you've just met in the heat of the moment, are really only interested in relieving you of all your cash and not actually relieving you of what you came here in the first place for. The only thing you are certain to be left with the next day is one heck of a headache minus much of your cash. If I could make a suggestion, you need to go to many go-go bars before identifying possible dangers, if any. Think about this for a moment. As I've said before - You need to stay focused. And judging by the smiling faces and sexy bodies below, I'd say that's a hard act to follow. Bangkok Girl Gucci Bangkok Girl Biya Girlfriend Experience in Thailand Beer Bars and Massage Parlours Next up in trying to find that true girlfriend experience in Thailand are the girls you're bound to come face to face with in the beer bars, of which the town of Pattaya appears to boast the biggest bar scene of this kind. And let me tell you, it's impossible to avoid them. The encounters you'll likely come across in these bars are only slightly better than what is inevitable at go-go bars. The only real difference here is that in a beer bar, your time is never really rushed. You can easily spend the whole day in a beer bar from around 2:00 pm until closing time at midnight or thereafter depending on each establishment.  From my experience, the girls you find in beer bars are not necessary the prettiest you'll come across in town and at times can be a little pushy, especially if you're just passing by on your quest to find a bar you think will best suit your needs, whatever that may be. However, they can be quite friendly.  Also girls in beer bars tend to dress down a lot more whereas girls in go-go bars tend to dress sexier and by far, a lot prettier. Nevertheless, your chances of having a real girlfriend experience in a beer bar are that much better than in a go-go bar. The next best thing to a go-go bar and a beer bar and a true girlfriend experience in Thailand must surely be at a soapy massage parlour of which there are lots around in both the major cities and resort hot spots. You'll even find them at many of the top island destinations too. Some say that you haven't been to Thailand if you haven't had a soapy massage. I have to say there's a lot of truth in that, but don't take my word for it, give it a try yourself. After which drop me a line and tell me just how much you enjoyed your time there. Though there's not much privacy at a massage parlour except of course in your private room or suite, your chances of a true girlfriend experience in Thailand could become that much better. However, don't expect all massage parlours to be equal. Some are better than others and your money could also play a large part in how your encounter develops. I'm not saying that money is everything but it does help. How much can depend on a number of things. I think that finding the right one is the real challenge. Let me know if you need any help. Bangkok Girl Miki Bangkok Girl Star Bangkok Escort Agency for the Best Girlfriend Experience in Thailand I have purposely left the best of the best for last when it comes to where you are assured of getting a true girlfriend experience in Thailand. And for that the only place this is likely to happen and in grand style too, is at an escort agency. But not just any escort agency. Not all escort agencies in Thailand are equal, but one that stands out more than others is in Bangkok. You can visit our agency at bangkokescort.com This particular escort agency has some of the sexiest girls in town but more than that the ladies here are only too willing to make sure that your girlfriend experience in Thailand is truly a memorable one. If you'd like to spend some real quality time with any of our lovely ladies please fill in your details on the booking form you'll find at the bottom of this page. Don't worry - Your information is safe. Bangkok Girl Yumi Bangkok Girl Tip Bangkok Escort Info and Rates Bangkok Escort Rates 2 hours 2 shots 5,000 THB  4 hours 2 shots 7,000 THB  6 hours 2 shots 8,000 THB  10 hours 3 shots 9,000 THB  24 hours 4 shots 12,000 THB  A-Level additional 2,000 THB  Bangkok Escort rates for couples Rates for couples are double the rates posted above. However, it is recommended that couples book two ladies as rates for booking one or two ladies are the same. Couple fee is waived if the number of clients equals that  of the number of girls. Escort rates outside of Bangkok For our Bangkok based girl escorts to travel and meet you outside the capital city, we do charge an additional travelling fee. As an example, travel fees to Pattaya will be an extra 2,500 THB and travel fees to Hua Hin will be 3,500 THB. We are always open to new ideas and service opinions. Please email us if you are looking for a specific service and we will do our best to accommodate you. Escort Uniforms and Outfits We have a variety of uniforms available on request such as School Girl Uniforms, Police Officer and Nurse Outfits, Air Hostess and French Maid Uniforms. You may ask your chosen escort to wear any one of these outfits during your time with her. This is a complimentary service we provide regardless of the number of hours you book with us. We're always looking at ways to increase the number of choices available to enhance your experience. Bangkok Girl Lada Bangkok Girl Tata <a href="http://luxurythailandtravel.wufoo.com/forms/z7x3p3/" title="html form">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a>  Return from Girlfriend Experience in Thailand to Beginners Guide to Massage Parlours  Luxury Thailand Travel Follow On   Recent Articles Bangkok Escort Chanel Sep 24, 16 07:36 AM Bangkok Escort Chanel is offering hot blooded males a once in a lifetime opportunity to make their erotic fantasies a reality, but you'll need to strike the iron while it's sizzling hot. Read More Bangkok Escort Chrystal Sep 24, 16 04:32 AM Asian girls don't come more fresh faced than Bangkok Escort Chrystal. Not only does this bubbly babe sport a smooth and flawless skin tone, she has an exceptional hourglass figure to match. Read More Bangkok Escort Ivy Sep 23, 16 07:26 AM Look no further than Bangkok Escort Ivy as your perfect dinner date, dance companion and bedroom babe as this bubbly lass has more than enough energy to make all your erotic pleasures come true. Read More Bangkok Escort Venus Sep 22, 16 08:41 AM While the planet Venus may be the second brightest object in the night sky, Bangkok Escort Venus, named after the Roman goddess of love and beauty, is the brightest star in the city of angels. Read More Bangkok Escort Pam Sep 19, 16 12:25 PM Look no further than Bangkok Escort Pam for a truly unforgettable girlfriend experience. She cordially invites you to join her for a wild ride that's sure to bring the whole house down. Read More  Please note that this post contains some affiliate links which means I earn a small commission at no extra cost to you if you should purchase after clicking through my blog. Also remember that I never promote any products or services here unless I've used and loved them myself. Your host Grahame (Yep! that's me) from Luxury Thailand Travel says he'd really appreciate your kind support. Simply take your next tour by selecting any one of the many excursions listed on the left side of this page and or book your hotel reservation to amazing Thailand using the HotelTravel search box below. Have a happy holiday and a safe trip. Thailand Hotel Reservation Destination Check-in Check-out Rooms : Child Adult(s) 1 2 3 4 - 1 2 1 2 3 4 SHARE Additional Info Thai Dating  [?]Subscribe To This Site  Top Tours in Bangkok Top sellers Private Tour: Bangkok Temples Including Reclining Buddha at Wat Pho From USD$35.94 Duration: 3 hours Departs: Bangkok, Thailand Thailand is predominantly a Buddhist country with around 95% of Thai's ...  More info › Private Tour: Floating Markets and Bridge on River Kwai Day Trip from Bangkok From USD$106.05 Duration: 9 hours Departs: Bangkok, Thailand This privately guided, full-day excursion out of Bangkok is a wonderful ...  More info › Private Tour: Bangkok's Grand Palace Complex and Wat Phra Kaew From USD$51.85 Duration: 3 hours Departs: Bangkok, Thailand This half-day private sightseeing tour in Bangkok is a must for anyone ...  More info › Bangkok Dinner Cruise on the Chao Phraya River From USD$38.88 Duration: 2.5 - 3 hours Departs: Bangkok, Thailand Enjoy Bangkok at night on a 2.5-hour dinner cruise along the Chao Phraya ...  More info › Bangkok Chinatown and Night Markets Small-Group Tour including Dinner From USD$63.31 Duration: 5 hours Departs: Bangkok, Thailand Discover the old and new Bangkok, stop for a coffee at a 100 year-old ...  More info ›  Top Tours in Chiang Mai Top sellers Chiang Mai Small-Group Cultural Tour From USD$74.65 Duration: 4-5 hours Departs: Chiang Mai, Thailand Explore the soul and spirit of Chiang Mai on this small-group cultural ...  More info › Wat Doi Suthep Temple and White Meo Hilltribe Village Half-Day Tour from Chiang Mai From USD$46.40 Duration: 4 hours Departs: Chiang Mai, Thailand An inspiring trip to the mountains! Relax while you are driven up to ...  More info › Chiang Mai Adventure: Elephant Camp, Zipline, Whitewater Rafting and Long-Neck Hill Tribe From USD$129.61 Duration: 10 hours Departs: Chiang Mai, Thailand Take a combo adventure tour and experience the best of rural Chiang Mai’s ...  More info › Mae Ping River Small-Group Tour From USD$68.25 Duration: 4 - 5 hours Departs: Chiang Mai, Thailand Discover the enchanting culture of the Chiang Mai area on this small-group ...  More info ›  Top Tours in Pattaya Top sellers Tiffany's Cabaret Show in Pattaya From USD$68.58 Duration: 2 hours Departs: Pattaya, Thailand Tiffany's Cabaret Show is the first true transvestite cabaret show in ...  More info › Elephant Ride and Jungle Trek Half-Day Tour from Pattaya From USD$8.70 Duration: 4 hours 30 minutes Departs: Pattaya, Thailand Want to do something fun and adventurous? Why not go on an elephant ride ...  More info › Nong Nooch Village Half-Day Tour from Pattaya From USD$28.28 Duration: 4 hours Departs: Pattaya, Thailand Nong Nooch is renowned for it's beautiful tropical gardens and cultural ...  More info › Koh Larn Trip from Pattaya including Seafood Lunch From USD$23.38 Duration: 7 hours Departs: Pattaya, Thailand Coral Island is a popular excursion from Pattaya. Travel a short distance ...  More info › Tiger Zoo Tour from Pattaya Including Lunch From USD$26.51 Duration: 4 hours 30 minutes Departs: Pattaya, Thailand Discover the local Wildlife Park where you may observe the resident Tigers ...  More info ›  Top Tours in Phuket Top sellers Phuket Fantasea Show and Dinner From USD$68.58 Duration: 4 hours Departs: Phuket, Thailand Spend an evening at Phuket Fantasea, a theme park and entertainment complex ...  More info › Phuket Introduction City Sightseeing Tour From USD$8.70 Duration: 4 hours Departs: Phuket, Thailand Familiarize yourself with the island of Phuket on a half day guided coach ...  More info › Trekking and Rafting Adventure from Phuket From USD$97.21 Duration: 9 hours Departs: Phuket, Thailand This tour will send you north to the Tone Pariwat Sanctuary Station, ...  More info › Simon Cabaret Show in Phuket From USD$23.38 Duration: 2 hours Departs: Phuket, Thailand Experience the ultimate extravaganza at the Phuket Simon Cabaret Show. ...  More info › Additional Info  E-mail Address First Name Then  Don't worry — your e-mail address is totally secure. I promise to use it only to send you Luxury Thailand Travel.  Free Web Submission Thai Dating Hotel Booking Hotels and Resorts Beaches Islands National Parks Attractions Entertainment Kids Stuff Bangkok Markets Bangkok Temples Arts and Crafts Festivals Restaurants Recipes Herbs and Spices Mythical Creatures Nightlife Go Go Bars Blog Traffic  Privacy Policy © copyright 2016 Luxury-Thailand-Travel.com privacy policy
http://www.scarlet-woman.com/|_|Call Now 07568 325824 info@scarlet-woman.com HOME GALLERY FETISH/DOM THE A-TEAM CASTING VIP LOUNGE ENQUIRIES REVIEWS MAKE A BOOKING Featured Escorts Farah (Blue Eyed Arab) Oxford Circus GBP 300.00 Rebecca (Top Pick) Kensington and Chelsea GBP 300.00 Dorthe (AWAY) Archway GBP 120.00 Dayana (MODEL) Kensington and Chelsea GBP 600.00 Miyako (Oriental Model) Oxford Circus GBP 400.00 Marina High street kensington GBP 200.00 Romy (Ebony Princess) Dulwich GBP 350.00 Alissa Bayswater GBP 200.00 Erika High street kensington GBP 200.00 Marisol High street kensington GBP 200.00 Sienna Gloucester Road GBP 200.00 Adryanna Bayswater GBP 200.00 Britney Gloucester Road GBP 200.00 Manuela (New Italian Model) Bayswater GBP 600.00 Thelma Gloucester Road GBP 350.00 Sonia Kensington and Chelsea GBP 400.00 Carmina Kensington and Chelsea GBP 500.00 Roxy (New) Gloucester Road GBP 300.00 Sofie Paddington GBP 500.00 Karina (NEW) Bayswater GBP 300.00 Raissa (NEW) Bayswater GBP 200.00 sofia (NEW) Bayswater GBP 200.00 All Escorts Welcome to Scarlet Woman About us Scarlet-Woman is an elite escort agency in London and has been created for discerning gentlemen who require the highest standards in personal companionship. Our elite escort agency can provide exceptionally beautiful and sophisticated companions for short private meetings, business trip bookings, dinner dates, theatre trips, cocktail parties, weekend and even holiday bookings. In addition we are one of the very few London agencies who also have specialist Fetish and Dominatrix girls who will enable you to enable your ultimate fantasies.  We provide an excellent premium service with complete discretion and are completely Brisitsh female owned and managed. Our reputation is an absolute priority and is one that we are always striving to improve. We know that excellence in customer service is a top priority in running a successful business and place high emphasis on delivering a superior experience for our clientele. We are willing to do what it takes in order to achive complete customer satisfaction. Please be sure to speak to us if you require other services such as private p.a, chauffeur or social arrangements and we will be delighted to facilitate these for you wherever possible. Do you know any other escort agency in London that provides this service? Scarlet-Woman elite escorts are carefully hand selected through a stringent criteria process. We choose our elite escorts based on their personality, elegance, charm, sophistication, and beauty as well as social etiquette. We have a very selective policy in order to maintain the highest levels of professionalism and customer service that our clientele expect. Any elite escort that joins the Scarlet-Woman portfolio will have been personally interviewed and be of the highest calibre. Rest assured we always deliver for our customers and have many repeat clients from all over the world who come to us due to our attention to detail and willingness to go the extra mile to ensure they clients are completely happy. We are dedicated to developing good personal relations and maintaining our excellent customer service for you for years to come. Scarlet-Woman guarantees you will receive a premium service accompanied by the utmost discretion and absolute confidentially. All the escorts in the Scarlet-Woman portfolio are completely genuine and all photos are up to date and are verified to be 100% genuine. We are committed to delivering the highest standard of service to you      Elite Escort agency in London Scarlet-woman.com We welcome you to Scarlet-woman.com, the ultimate elite Escort agency in London. We are glad that you found your way here, you won't be disappointed. You can expect a choice of charming, stunning, very naughty escort ladies with 100% genuine and validated photos, who are excited to meet you. VIP Lounge Newsletter Keep updated on news regarding Scarlet Woman : special offers, events and new additions to the gallery Sign up for our free monthly newsletter today . HOME | GALLERY | FETISH/DOM | REVIEWS | CASTING | BOOKING Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Disclaimers | Blogs | FAQ | Contact Us © 2013 www.Scarlet-woman.com | All rights reserved Eros London escorts Follow @ScarletwomanSsh London escorts Busty escorts Find Us On Captain 69 Trusted Escort Agency Reviews London UK Escorts London Escort Agency London Escorts London Escort Agencies Punterlink - LUE - Fetshop London Escorts London Escort Agencies London Escort Directories All London Escorts
http://www.sexyescortads.com/|_|
http://www.westword.com/news/glossary-of-prostitution-terms-5895660|_|NewsV Marijuana Politics Longform Daily Newsletter Weekly Newsletter MusicV Concert Reviews Profiles Concert Calendar Bars & Lounges Music Newsletter Food & DrinkV Denver Restaurant Guide Restaurant Reviews Bars & Lounges Food & Drink Newsletter Arts & CultureV Theater Geek Art Reviews Arts & Culture Newsletter CalendarV Submit an Event Concerts Things To Do Newsletter Film & TVV News & Interviews Film Reviews Showtimes Trailers Film & TV Newsletter Longform MarijuanaV Marijuana News Dispensaries Strains Laws Marijuana Newsletter Videos Slideshows Best Of Denver®V Best Of Newsletter PromotionsV Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Deals Classifieds Apps, About Us, Contact Us, Staff, Careers, Advertise, E-Edition, Privacy, Terms menu Glossary of Prostitution Terms How Sustainable Is Denver? Remember Me SIGN IN › Forgot Password? Or sign in with a social account: FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO! Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Connect. Discover. Share. Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all-access pass to everything local on events, music, restaurants, news and more. Enter your email or sign up with a social account to get started FACEBOOK TWITTER GOOGLE+ YAHOO! Privacy Policy SIGN UP › Already registered? Login › *Email *Username *Password Name *Zipcode DONE MVN Sign In › Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Facebook Twitter Follow @denverwestword Other Sean Cronin Glossary of Prostitution Terms Wednesday, November 7, 2007 at 11:36 a.m. By Sean Cronin A A Facebook - Twitter - More shares recommend reddit email - - Glendale Police have come to rely on the website Videovigilante.com for some of their more detailed intelligence on the flesh trade. Like this glossary of industry terms, which comes straight from the site: AMP = Asian Massage Parlor AAMP = Apartment Asian Massage Parlor. Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. ABC = american born chinese ABJ = american born japanese Agency = a company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of providers. AMP = Asian Massage Parlor analinus = licking anus Asian = analingus, oral sex to the anus Asian Cowgirl = girl on top, squatting ASP = Adult Service Provider, or alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup ASPD = Adult Service Provider Discussion ATF = All Time Favorite ATM = ass to mouth Aunt Flo = menstruation babyback = petite, young, attractive Asian bait and switch = person who shows up is a different one than advertised bareback = without condom BJ = blow job = oral sex = fellatio BBBJ = bare back blow job, oral sex without condom BBBJTC = bare back blow job to completion (in mouth) BBBJTCIM = bare back blow job to completion in mouth BBBJTCWS = bare back blow job to completion with swallow BBBJWF = bare back blow job with facial BBFS = bare back sex BBW = big beautiful woman BCD = Behind Closed Doors (as in private and discrete) BDSM = bondage, discipline, sado-masochism. BF = boy friend BFE = boy friend experience (Guy takes care of her desires as well) birdwatching = BBBJTCWS BLS = ball licking and sucking blue pill = Viagra butter face = everything looks good, but her face BTW = by the way cash and dash = ROB who takes the money and runs CBJ = covered blow job, oral sex with condom CC Rider = full service provider costing $200 or less CDS = covered doggy style CFS = covered full service, Sex with condom CG = cowgirl = girl on top facing you CH = Crazy Horse, SF Strip Club CIM = cum in mouth CL = craigslist.org CMD = carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde CMT = Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse. Cowgirl = CG = girl on top facing you cover = condom cups of coffee = releases DATY = dining at the y = cunnilingus, oral sex performed on a woman DDP = double digit penetration, kitty and anus Dodge = Mission Blvd, between A St and 14th St, in Hayward, CA Doggie = man behind girl, girl on hands and knees Doubles = A threesome with two girls and you DDE = doesn't do extras (PS only) DDG = drop dead gorgeous DFK = deep french kissing, open mouth with tongue DIY = do it yourself (masturbation) DT = deep throat ECR = el camino real EOM = end of message. No text in message body. facial = cumming on partner's face FBSM = full body sensual massage FIV = finger in vagina FKK = Frei Körper Kultur. German brothel / nudist club. FOB = fresh off the boat. Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US. FOV = finger outside vagina French = BJ, or oral sex in general French Kiss = Kissing with tongue insertion FS = full service = BJ + Sex Get Brain = blow job Get Comfortable = get completely naked GFE = girlfriend experience. (different variants of the definition but the basic definition includes: FS, BJ, DATY, not a clock watcher, could kiss - treats you like her Boy Friend) GG = Golden Gypsy. defunct Berkeley massage parlor GND = girl next door Greek = anal sex, back door GS = golden shower = urination play GSM = g-spot massage hardwood floors = clean shaven kitty Hat = condom HDH = high dollar hottie HJ = hand job = a manual / hand release HM = high mileage HME = honeymoon experience, lapdog heaven HWP = height and weight proportionate IMHO = in my humble opinion Incall = Meet the girl at her apartment or hotel room interpreter = condom Italian = penis rubbing between butt cheeks ISO = in search of Lapdog = person who worships providers to excess. LDL = low dollar looker (opposite of HDH) LE = law enforcement LK = light kissing, closed mouth LOS = land of smiles (Thailand) mamasan = female manager of a massage parlor MBOT = Mitchell Brothers O'Farrell Theatre, SF Strip Club MBR = multiple bell ringing = MSOG MILF = mom I'd like to f-ck Mish = missionary position, or the SF Mission District Missionary = man on top, girl on back mohawk = thin rectangular strip of pubic hair MP = massage parlor MP = multiple pops = multiple releases MSC = Market Street Cinema, SF Strip Club MSOG = multiple shots on goal = multiple releases NCT = New Century Theatre, SF Strip Club NQNS = Non Quitter Non Spitter (Provider term for guys who just never get there) NSA = no strings attached Outcall: Girl comes to your home or hotel room OWO = oral without condom OWOTC = oral without condom to completion papasan = male manager of a massage parlor party hat = condom PIV = penis in vagina PL = Pathetic Loser PO = phone operator PS = Private Show (Dance) PSE = Porn Star Experience (Opposite of GFE - professional attitude, clock watcher with perfect timing, but an incredibly good time. So good it would be like being in a porn movie and the business like attitude just wasn't a problem) PV = private viewing (Dancing, getting naked, some touching but not FS, CBJ or HJ) RA = relaxation assistant raincoat = condom RB = myredbook.com rimming = analingus RMP = Russian Massage Parlor ROB = Rip Off Bitch Reverse cowgirl = RCG = girl on top facing away Reverse massage = you massage her Roman shower = vomit play RPG = role playing games Russian = penis rubbing between breasts = Pearl Necklace = titty fuck SC = Strip Club SF = San Francisco shill = an insider posing as a satisfied customer SO = significant other SOG = shot on goal = one release SOMF = sat on my face south of the border = gential region southern france = BBBJ SP = Service Provider SPA = San Pablo Avenue in Oakland, CA spanish = ATM = ass to mouth spinner = very petite, thin girl STD = sexually transmitted disease stroll = path frequented by street walkers SW = street walker TAMP = Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor teabag = man squats and dips balls in partner's mouth TG = transgender TGTBT = too good to be true Tina = crystal meth TJ = Tijuana TL = Tenderloin district, San Francisco. between Van Ness Ave, Post St, Taylor St, and Golden Gate Ave tossing salad = analingus Troll = rude and hideous PL Trolling = Posting thinly disguised ads in a discussion forum TOFTT = Take one for the team. In reference to a new, non-reviewed provider. TS = transexual TUMA = tongue up my ass TV = transvestite WTF = What the fuck? XOXO = Kisses & Hugs YMMV = Your mileage may vary. Your service level could be different than reported by others. Applies to everyone, some more so than others. (Meaning each person may have an experience with an individual provider that is different than the person posting due to personalities and other intangible factors. Also has been used jokingly for "Your Money May Vanish" ) 1/2 and 1/2 = half and half = oral sex + full service 411 = seeking information 420 = 4:20 = marijuana 69 = two people giving each other oral sex at the same time How Sustainable Is Denver? NEXT   Contact: Sean Cronin Follow: Westword Westword News News Get the This Week's Top Stories Newsletter Every week we collect the latest news, music and arts stories — along with film and food reviews and the best things to do this week — so that you'll never miss Westword's biggest stories. GO Cancel Submit Comments In Case You Missed It Terrance Roberts Shot Down His Reputation and His Nonprofit — Can... Kyle Clark's I-Hate-Snowy-Patio-Photos Rant Ignored by 9News Mom Tries to Save Son From Death Penalty Even Though He Killed Her... Dear Stoner: Are Dispensaries Scanning IDs Now? Upcoming Events Crush Night Out Tickets Fri., Oct. 7, 6:00pm Sports Authority Field Parking: Denver Broncos Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Denver Broncos v Falcons HALF PRICE GAME Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Colorado Rapids vs. San Jose Earthquakes Tickets Thu., Oct. 13, 7:00pm Popular Stories Who Wants to Smoke Weed With Tommy Chong in Denver? The Ten Worst Parking Lots and Garages in Denver Burke Ramsey Sues CBS Expert for $150M Over JonBenet Murder... Why Free the Nipple Fort Collins Lawsuit Is About More Than... Sponsor Content ©2016 Denver Westword, LLC. All rights reserved. Newsletters All-access pass to the top stories, events and offers around town. Top Stories Send: Sign Up > Remind Me Later > No Thanks > Privacy Policy Newsletters All-access pass to top stories, events and offers around town. Sign Up > No Thanks! Remind Me Later >
http://www.wikihow.com/Be-an-Escort%27s-Favorite-Client|_|MESSAGES LOG IN Log in via Log In Remember me Forgot password? Create an account EXPLORE Community DashboardRandom ArticleAbout UsCategoriesRecent Changes HELP US Write an ArticleRequest a New ArticleAnswer a RequestMore Ideas... EDIT Edit this Article Home » Categories » Relationships » Dating » Getting a Date Article Edit Discuss Edit Article How to Be an Escort's Favorite Client Community Q&A Learn the correct conduct when dealing with an escort. What and what not to do if you want to be a great client. Steps 1 Wherever you find your escort, research her. Does she have a website, does she have ads going back at least 6 months, does she have reviews (although some escorts do not like being reviewed)? Google her name and phone number or email before contacting her. Also expect her to want to screen your for her own safety; be respectful and provide whatever info she requires. 2 Be on time, or call if you will be more than 10 minutes late. Unless you are giving notice of a time change well in advance, expect to pay for the time you missed. If your 60 minute date was supposed to start at 7 and you get there at 7:15, STILL LEAVE AT 8. Please respect the escort's time and schedule, and don't linger. Even if the escort genuinely enjoyed the time with you, it is annoying and awkward if you overstay. If you want more time, ask and if she says yes, expect to pay for it at the rate previously discussed. 3 Know what's on menu in advance and do not deviate from it. Escorts use code words like, CIM, greek, GFE, PSE... google these before you call or email. 4 Never ever discuss sexual acts or money in person. For your own safety! If it is a sting, they will try to get you to say what you are there for out loud. When in doubt, kiss the girl or ask her to get more comfortable. If she complies, green light! 5 Money first always! If you must refer to it at any time, call it a gift. Do not hand the money directly to her, set it down where she can see it, or wherever you were told to beforehand, (often by the sink in the bathroom). 6 Be nice, treat her like a lady, and be respectful. She is a real person, you don't need to be intimidated and you certainly shouldn't feel superior either. 7 Don't feel like you need to blow her mind sexually. While noble, and very sweet, she is there for you. Do not hold back at the beginning because you want to last for her, this often ends in not being able to finish at all. Which nobody wants. You can take care of her after if you enjoy that, but no pressure here either. 8 Try to read her cues. She is a real women with real likes and dislikes. Not everyone wants to be talked dirty to, or smash-cuddled post coitus. Some might love it though! 9 She will not be offended if you need to leave right after. Whether you need to get back to work, or just aren't into idle chit-chat and cuddling, do your thing. She will enjoy the extra down-time. If you have a genuine rapport or chemistry, or if you are just enjoying the company and a break from real life, then stay the whole time! She will be happy either way. 10 Tip! Always tip. No one care if it's $20 or $200, tip your escort. Unless she was terrible. Tipping lets the woman know that you liked her and that you appreciate her time and effort. This is especially important if you want to see the escort again. If you went for a twofer, then tip extra well! 11 Ask her if she would like to be reviewed. If yes, keep it simple, and do not fabricate. If you say she did something that she didn't, other clients may expect that same service in the future. 12 Always be clean!!! Very very clean. If you just came from work or whatever, take a quick shower at the location. You don't want to be known as the 'Smegma-Guy'. 13 That's it! Real advice from real escorts. 14 Bring wine or a gift. Escorts love this and you will go right to the front of the line, hopefully. Wine can help to get you both relaxed and comfortable, and is a good social lubricant when you have to make all the magic happen in an hour or two. You can ask in advance what she likes, and don't forget the glasses! Gift certificates are always a safe bet if you want to bring a gift, stores like Amazon, Victoria's Secret, Bath and Body, etc. If you know the escort well, you may want to give her more personalized gifts like lingerie, jewelry, and perfume. ****Super extra bonus points if you buy her drinks/take her to dinner first, (WHILE she is being compensated for her time at her usual rate). If you really enjoy her company and can afford to do this, this is the best way to make her feel special. Remember she is on the clock though, and do not ever ask her to meet for free. That is a line neither of you should cross. Community Q&A Ask a Question Submit Already answered Not a question Bad question Other If this question (or a similar one) is answered twice in this section, please click here to let us know. Tips Remember that sexual desire is part of human nature and nothing to be ashamed of. If you are older/have no time for dating/want to be discreet/or are socially awkward, there is no shame in seeing a beautiful girl and having it be a sure thing! It's just practical. A good escort takes care of herself, practices safely, vets clients, checks references, and gets tested frequently. Escorts are not dirty, unethical, slutty, addicted to drugs any other stereotype that people associate with us. They, like any other social group, have a range of personalities, preferences and vices. Escorts are regular people and chances are very high that you know women, (or men!), that are in the sex industry in one form or another. They often keep their professions very private because they can be judged harshly. Respect her personal life. If you give her your number, she will most likely not call you, and it has nothing to do with whether or not she 'really' likes you. She keeps her two worlds separate at all times. Always use protection! If you are looking for something specific, it is out there. Domination, humiliation, every fetish you could imagine. It may not be every escorts cup of tea, but if you look hard enough you will probably find it. Always tip extra if you request a special outfit, roleplay, fetish work, toys, etc. If your escort goes above and beyond, so should you. The dream client would tip well, leave early, finish fast, bring a gift, be a regular guy, be polite and respectful. That is just the real truth. Keep in mind though that that is a client that doesn't really exist and no one expects you to be him. It's more about you anyway, and professional escorts love to feel like they did a great job and left the guy with a smile and a lasting memory! Many genuinely like most of their clients and enjoy the job wholeheartedly. Like any group of client service providers, escorts have favorites, mehs, people they don't care for, and people they will refuse to see ever again. Independent girls can be fun too! Make sure they have great reviews and that they vet clients properly before seeing them, (you may feel uncomfortable giving out identifying information, but it is in everyone's best interest!). Agency vs. Independent: Agencies are great if you want to try a variety of girls. Repeat clients are often given special treatment and more consideration. Once you trust an agency, it takes a lot of the guesswork and fear out of the equation. A good agent can give you recommendations based on who you have enjoyed in the past. When you first meet your escort please take some time to talk to them before moving onto more intimate activities. When you first meet maybe give your escort a hug and kiss and ask them to make themselves more comfortable. Warnings Don't fall in love with your escort. Always remember that even though the relationship is mutually pleasurable, and you enjoy each other's company, it is first and foremost a professional relationship. It is her job to make you feel good, and that can easily be confused with romantic love. Don't be that guy. It makes everyone feel bad. Do not expect an escort to just roll with your fetish. If you have something even slightly out of the ordinary in mind, ASK. Ask before the date if at all possible and if not, then ask upon meeting her. Be safe. If a girl will go bareback with you, you better believe she has done it with every guy before you. And never ever try to sneak it in. It's really disrespectful, and will often get you blacklisted. We know that condoms suck. We wish they didn't. They are a necessary evil though. If you can't finish with a condom on, there are other ways to finish It is not the end of the world and it happens all the time+. I do recommend that you try a female condom and see if that feels better to you. If it seems fishy, leave politely. Don't be paranoid though. Do your homework, be cautious and you will be fine. Do not say, "You should be paying ME for this! Har har." Everyone uses that joke. Good luck and happy birthday! Things You'll Need Money Common sense EditRelated wikiHows How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette How to Use Proper Business Email Etiquette How to Be Fired Gracefully How to Deal with a Work Colleague Who Has Stinky Lunches How to Practice Business Etiquette in Italy How to Practice Business Etiquette in Russia How to Delegate Tasks and Empower Your Team Article Info Categories: Business Etiquette | Getting a Date In other languages: Português: ser o Cliente Favorito de uma Acompanhante, Español: ser el cliente favorito de una dama de compañía, Italiano: Diventare il Cliente Preferito di una Escort, Русский: быть любимым клиентом эскорта, Deutsch: Der Lieblingskunde einer Begleitdame sein Discuss Print Email Edit Send fan mail to authors Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 244,251 times. Did this article help you? Yes No   Can you please put wikiHow on the whitelist for your ad blocker? wikiHow relies on ad money to give you our free how-to guides. Learn how. Cookies make wikiHow better. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our cookie policy. About this wikiHow 617 reviews Click a star to vote Click a star to vote Thanks for voting! Co-authors: 15 Updated: Views: 244,251 "Never paid for an escort before but I'm really thinking about it. Just trying to make sure I don't do something stupid and make her scared and not want to be with me. This really helped."..." more - Jalen P. 91% of people told us that this article helped them. Quick Tips Related Articles How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette Home About wikiHow Jobs Terms of Use RSS Site map Log In Mobile view All text shared under a Creative Commons License. Powered by Mediawiki. Become an Author! Write an Article 136
https://maggiemcneill.wordpress.com/2010/09/07/830/|_|Home Introduction Index Subject Index (A and B) Subject Index (C and D) Subject Index (E and F) Subject Index (G and H) Subject Index (I and J) Subject Index (K and L) Subject Index (M and N) Subject Index (O and P) Subject Index (Q and R) Subject Index (S and T) Subject Index (U and V) Subject Index (W – Z) Resources Bibliography Filmography Musicography Questions Quotes La Libertine’s Salon Offsite Permanent Links Criticisms, Witticisms & Praise The Honest Courtesan Frank commentary from an unretired call girl Feeds: Posts Comments « The Biggest Whores All Shapes and Sizes » Terminology September 7, 2010 by Maggie McNeill “When I use a word,” Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone, “it means just what I choose it to mean — neither more nor less.” –  Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking Glass Like all subcultures, whores and our clients use specialized language to describe various aspects of our trade and the specialized activities we perform.  Most of these are just slang terms used to replace a long descriptive phrase (for example, “cowgirl” replaces the rather cumbersome “woman on top position”), but others were originally intended to allow discussion of suppressed activities when official busybodies might be eavesdropping (on phone or internet communications).  Of course, a secret shared is no secret at all, so once a term becomes common enough for a client to be relatively certain that it will mean something to an escort (or vice versa), they can also be sure the term is equally well-known to the cops.  Today I’d just like to give you a brief overview of a few of the more common terms used in and about our trade.  Many of these originated on the internet; some were first used among streetwalkers, while still others may be peculiar to New Orleans (which is the only place I ever worked). Around the World means oral stimulation of the man’s anus as well as his genitals; as one might expect, the percentage of working girls who will grant this particular request is fairly slim even in the lower echelons.  Even if one chooses to ignore the considerable hygeine issues, the chance of contracting hepatitis A or other diseases is in my considered opinion far too high to risk. BBBJ stands for “Bareback Blow Job”, in other words fellatio without a condom.  In the days immediately after the discovery of AIDS this was widely considered unsafe, and authorities encouraged people to use condoms even during oral sex.  Almost three decades of research, however, have failed to turn up even one single documented case of HIV transmission via oral sex, and the last figure I saw was 0.04% chance of infection due to blood seepage into an undetected mouth sore.  Since that’s roughly similar to the chance of being struck by lightning while walking in the rain, most call girls and escorts don’t worry about it much any more.  Hepatitis B is transmitted much as HIV is, though probably at a slightly higher chance.  Other venereal diseases (including venereal warts and herpes) can certainly be transmitted via oral sex, but since they have visible signs most of the risk can be avoided via careful visual inspection (as I’ve discussed before), copious salivation (which most men find visually stimulating anyhow) and disallowing ejaculation into one’s mouth.  The latter requires careful monitoring of the client’s progress; I always asked him to warn me but also assumed he would not because unfortunately a lot of men are complete assholes on this particular subject and will not give warning despite the increased risk to the girl. Cowgirl we’ve already discussed; the only reason I’m mentioning it here again is because many of my readers are probably unfamiliar with the terms for its variations, reverse cowgirl (woman on top, facing the man’s feet) and Asian cowgirl (as normal cowgirl but with one’s feet on the bed raising the whole body up and down rather than simply rocking back and forth). Deep Throat means taking a man’s penis all the way into one’s mouth.  With a little practice it isn’t difficult, and since it impresses the hell out of men it’s well worth learning.  The trick is to suppress the gag reflex; I suggest practicing on bananas.  Few men are long enough to actually go down one’s throat, and even those that are can be handled unless they are oddly-shaped (as I’ll discuss tomorrow). Donation is originally an internet term; it simply means “fee”, as in “how much is your donation?” Facial means ejaculation onto a woman’s face.  Men who like to do this really like it, but some girls won’t allow it.  Personally I was never bothered by it; it’s not difficult to keep one’s mouth and eyes shut, and since I was blessed with a clear complexion and lovely natural coloring I never needed to wear makeup in those days anyhow.  I could therefore simply have a warm, damp washcloth handy for initial cleanup and then wash my face completely afterward.  I can see how a girl who needs makeup would be averse to clients doing this, however, since it would necessitate a great deal more effort to restore her looks afterward than it did mine.  It also tends to get in one’s hair, but can be brushed out in the short term and thoroughly removed by shampoo later.  Amateurs who say “I would never let a man do that to me!” or “That’s so demeaning!” need to remember those statements when asking “Why does my husband hire whores when I give him plenty of sex?” Full service simply means intercourse, as opposed to just oral sex or masturbation (the latter being the specialty of Asian massage parlors). GFE means “Girl Friend Experience”; it’s a highly subjective term but generally means that the escort will cuddle, kiss, refrain from obvious clockwatching or otherwise make the experience seem much more natural and less mechanical.  A high percentage of call girls provide either “GFE” or its converse, the “PSE” (some men believe that the two are not mutually exclusive within a single call, but I beg to differ).  Of late, I have noticed a distressing tendency in internet venues to attempt to define a GFE by mechanistic criteria (such as whether the girl allows intrusive tongue kissing); IMHO this completely flies in the face of the very idea of a GFE, which is determined by how the girl makes the client feel rather than by a checklist. Greek means anal sex.  It isn’t commonly offered because one simply can’t trust a client to follow the instructions necessary to keep the experience from being painful, but there are always specialists who cater to customers who want it. Hobbyist is an internet term which means a client who sees escorts as a continuing hobby rather than as an occasional pleasure.  Hobbyists generally frequent internet boards dedicated to their hobby and share information with each other; some of them are excellent clients because they know what’s expected of them, never quibble about money, treat girls well and are scrupulous about keeping appointments.  Unfortunately, the rest of them enjoy the hobby itself more than the girls, and can be nasty and exploitative.  Sometimes the term is used in a broader sense to mean any client, but I think it’s more useful in the strict sense. John is a term used mostly by police, the media and others outside The Life for a customer, as in “John Doe” since they are anonymous.  The first recorded appearance of the term in print is from 1911, but it is unclear whether it originated among streetwalkers or started as an outsiders’ term from the beginning.  Since I have never associated with streetwalkers or worked anywhere but New Orleans I can’t speak for whether any working girls actually use the term, but what I can say is that I never heard one do so, not even once, not even as a joke.  I’ve heard “client”, “customer”, “date”, “patron” and even (once) “trick”, but never “john”.  I myself always preferred “gentleman”, not merely because it’s polite but also evokes Amanda Wingfield’s “gentleman callers” in my mind. MSOG means “Multiple Shots On Goal”, in other words the girl allows the man to have intercourse with her more than once if he can.  It’s an internet term, and I must admit I giggled when it was explained to me.  Many girls won’t allow it, which IMHO is rather stupid on their parts since this exists largely in the realm of male fantasy.  What I mean by that is, though a large percentage of men ask for it (by initials or otherwise), only a tiny percentage can actually accomplish it within the time allotted.  So there’s no harm in agreeing to this because most clients will be too spent after the first time even to attempt it again, and a gentle “but sweetie, if it took you 35 minutes the first time how do you expect to do it a second time in ten?” will take care of most of the rest.  And on those rare occasions where the client is both quick on the trigger and able to perform again, why not let him go twice?  It’s his hour, after all, and he paid good money for it. Pearl Necklace means ejaculation onto a woman’s tits.  This can turn into an unplanned facial if the man ejaculates energetically enough. Popped means the same as “busted”, i.e. arrested. Protection simply means condoms.  A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”). Provider is a neutral internet term for an escort, as in “provider of services”. I don’t much care for this one, as it always reminds me of “The Providers”, those disembodied brains who once abducted Captain Kirk. PSE stands for “Porn Star Experience”.  This is slightly less subjective than its converse “GFE”, and refers to a very energetic escort who is adept at visually impressive stunts like deep throat and accepting of facials and other such porn-movie staples. Russian is holding one’s tits together so a man can rub himself between them; obviously, it’s only possible with rather large tits. Trick is old slang for a session with a client (as in “turn a trick”) or sometimes even a client himself.  It first appeared in print around the same time as “John”, and is still used today among streetwalkers and lower-class escorts in some areas (including New Orleans).  Higher-class girls generally prefer “date” or “call”, and I’ve also heard “job” or “deal”; working girls with musical backgrounds sometimes use “gig”. Troublemakers is the term I preferred for the nasty, sadistic busybodies referred to by others as pigs, liars, busybodies, blue boys, heat, LE and a number of other things…in other words, cops, the single greatest threat to any hooker’s health, safety and livelihood. So, there’s a quick explanation of a very few terms; there are plenty of others, but these are most of the common ones which sprang immediately to mind (though I wouldn’t be surprised if I overlooked a really obvious term or two).  As I said above, these are the ones I know from the internet and New Orleans; to list every one from around the world would probably fill a slim dictionary. Share this: Share Email Facebook Print Twitter Reddit Google Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in Call types, Perception | Tagged anal sex, condoms, cops, disease, ethics, GFE, imaginative fiction, masturbation, oral sex, semen, streetwalkers, Terminology, tits | 21 Comments 21 Responses on September 7, 2010 at 12:38 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom I’ve heard that when teenagers first started describing their get-togethers as “dates” parents freaked out, because up to that time ONLY prostitutes called time spent with a man a “date.” One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. on September 7, 2010 at 1:11 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. Yes, I know that one; I believe it’s of British origin. on September 7, 2010 at 3:21 pm | Reply ant what about half n half, snoball, and blacktoppingk? on September 7, 2010 at 4:03 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill “Half and half” (oral sex followed by intercourse) is only used by streetwalkers, massage parlor girls and other low-end whores who charge by the act rather than by the time period; I’ve never heard it used by an escort. “Snoball” or “snowball” (receiving a man’s ejaculate in one’s mouth, then kissing him and spitting it into his mouth) is a modern “urban” slang term which I suppose might be used about a really skanky, hostile, low-end whore with no concept of personal safety, but certainly isn’t used in the business except perhaps among gay escorts, with whom I’ve never had much contact. And I don’t know the term “blacktopping”, though I have a guess about it; if you choose to explain it, do try to be clinical! on September 7, 2010 at 4:08 pm | Reply ant Heard it on howard stern, so there’s no way i could describe it clinically😉 on September 7, 2010 at 4:35 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill Radio DJ terms are often not real slang; they’re things the DJ comes up with to get around censorship laws (though now that Stern is on Sirius he needn’t worry about that any longer). For example, my husband used to listen to Tom Leykis’ show on occasion and they habitually used the term “hummer” to mean “blow job”. If you wish you can send me the description in an email and I’ll try to rephrase it in as clinical a fashion as I can manage. on September 7, 2010 at 10:15 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Teabagging is something a woman can’t do to a man; dirty sanchez is too disgusting to contemplate; rusty trombone has some similarities to ’round the world; and I’m sure we all know what 69 means (but what about 96?). I’m sure that new terms will spring into being when space tourism gets going and people start joining the 100 Mile High Club. “Baby, do you do the X/Y dodec?” on September 7, 2010 at 11:15 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill With the exception of 69, though, I’ve never heard of a guy specifically requesting any of that stuff from a whore.😦 on September 8, 2010 at 8:36 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom Perhaps that’s just as well. On a totally different note, my cute friend has informed me that “Creole” describes her quite well. She’s Creole and then some. Really exotic and cutesy. It’s too bad she’s so asexual; she’d make a fortune. As you say: it isn’t for everybody. on September 8, 2010 at 8:44 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I’ve known quite a few Creoles, and they are often quite beautiful. Unfortunately, they have largely vanished as an ethic group since most now identify as black. Two of the recent mayors of New Orleans were Creole; both called themselves “white” on their Army enlistment papers but “black” when running for office in a majority-black city, and both married black women. To be sure mixed-race marriages are producing children who would’ve been called Creole in the old days, but they aren’t raised in that subculture. on December 27, 2010 at 5:28 am | Reply Asehpe I’m certainly in favor of making dictionaries, since it’s an important part of my day job. The etymology of these terms (usually metaphors or metonymies) is mostly obvious, but one of them stands out: the ‘Russian’. What gives? ‘Greek’ for anal sex is more or less obvious (via Ancient Greek’s surprisingly high level of acceptance of homosexuals, who suggest sodomy to a Westerner’s mind); but ‘Russian’? (I knew that practice from porn as ‘tit-fucking’; is Russian an euphemism? Does it imply Russian women have large breasts? My wife is Russian, and she doesn’t have large breasts…) on December 27, 2010 at 8:31 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I suspect it does derive from the stereotype of big-titted Russian women. I heard the term for the first time less than ten years ago; when I was in my teens the guy I knew used to refer to it as a “Dutch oven”. on January 1, 2011 at 1:10 am | Reply Jack Parsons The “Venture Brothers” cartoon includes this dialogue: “Prostitute: Okay big fella, you first. I charge you ten bucks for the Gilded Lily, twenty for the Roman Holiday, fifty for The Old Walrus ‘n’ Carpenter,and for seventy-five you can Sleigh Ride Down Kilimanjaro.” These terms were made up to mollify the network. Two previous batches of bogus terms were rejected. And something allegedly genuine: Oh, the French girls with their strings of pearls Think it’s such a burning shame That the local boys with their country joys Never make them daisy chains. They’re swapping disappointing incidents While at the dock another ship pulls in And suddenly the door breaks down (Hourah!) It’s the Seven Deadly Finns! Oh soldiers and sailors Have all been there before: Gigolos and governments Have tumbled through that door. Because they need those French girls With all their kiss-curls And powder in their guns And the Seven Finns with the deadly grins Tend to measure beauty in tons! The first is a freak with a masochistic streak And the second is a kitten up a tree The third is a flirt with an awful print skirt And the fourth is pretending to be me The fifth wears a mac and never turns his back And the sixth never shows his eyes But the Seventh Deadly Finn is so tall and slim, He shouldanever been with those guys. Although variety is the spice of life, A steady rhythm is the source Simplicity is the crucial thing Systemically of course (work it on out like Norbert Weiner) So when those French Girls say to you “Would you like your ashes raked?” You’ll have to take their word for it: It’s the only thing to take… (Yodelling chorus) —————————- http://music.hyperreal.org/artists/brian_eno/7deadly.html (Norbert Wiener was an MIT professor. Brian Eno is Bjork’s predecessor as the smartest and weirdest pop musician.) on January 1, 2011 at 8:26 am | Reply Maggie McNeill That sounds like a sea chanty; my husband has a CD collection of many such bawdy songs.🙂 on September 8, 2011 at 11:16 pm | Reply c andrew Hi Maggie, Speaking of Sea Chanties, here is a modern version. I looked for the original which was a capella, but this is the closest facsimile I could find. You’ll have to forgive the animation and concentrate on the audio. on September 8, 2011 at 11:21 pm | Reply c andrew Looks like I was, ahem, a bit premature in the last post. Here’s the a capella version. on September 9, 2011 at 12:41 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom That was an AAARRRRR-rated song! on September 9, 2011 at 7:11 pm | Reply c andrew I think you AAAARRRRRight there!😉 on September 7, 2011 at 2:01 pm | Reply Rapid ‘Protection simply means condoms. A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”).’ I know a lady who refers to condoms as “condiments”. on November 5, 2011 at 2:43 am | Reply Ornithorhynchus I’ve been hearing jokes on TV about hookers offering ‘Around The World’ since the ’80s, but I never knew what it meant until now. Now if I can only find out what the ‘Lioness On The Cheese-grader’ is. on October 7, 2016 at 4:25 am | Reply Marion Dupree I don’t know about sea shanties about semen..HAR HAR, but awhile back I wrote this: (Hope you enjoy)… Samantha’s Story Unpublished Work, All rights reserved, Copyright © 2010 Written by (Name withheld) Samantha made a living In ways I’m sure you’ll guess And no amount of L.E threats Could convince her to confess The sordid truths and dark desires Her “patrons” would lay bare She would place deep inside her vault (They knew she’d keep them there) These trusting few — these tortured souls They’d found their rapture’s niche She fiercely filled their craven lusts Like panthers on a leash Mercy came to those who cried (But, only if she chose)! The “pain” she gave brought much delight With relentless, stinging blows And then, of course There were her “pets” These meek, they liked to play They’d lick up all she served to them Like liver on a tray Oscar liked his nipples clamped And Fred got off on pies And Larry loved his asshole rammed With cocks of every size And April, she would cum for days If her clit was roughly tweaked And Peter lapped up Samantha’s pee When down her leg it leaked Best of all there were the twins A wild, perverted pair Who loved to singe their private parts While other people stared To lick on toes, or suck a cock Seemed dry to her as toast But stick a jar up some chick’s twat? Who could want a better host? The raunchier, the saucier The more depraved the act Would only fuel her fire for more Joy they would transact. As legend goes, Samantha kept A few lovers for herself For she loved them each Like precious gems Placed high atop a shelf “I’ll shine you up.” She purrs to one “And you – I’ll hose you down.” And “Hands against the wall, my pet – Don’t dare to make a sound!” Lustfully, they all complied To each cruel command she gave They lapped between her thighs when asked – And never misbehaved. “Good pets,” she’d coo, and stroke their heads, “It’s time I take my leave” They’d moan and groan, But knew all too well The rewards they’d soon receive. With shackles on and collars latched She locked them all up tight Leaving them alone in fear As day turned into night. Time crept by and her precious few Were restless, scared and hot But, just then – the door squeaked ajar- And Samantha showed them what she’d bought. “Hello, my pets, did you miss me?” Her voice soothed their throbbing aches “I brought you each a brand new toy, Let’s see the mess we make!” And so it went As it often does She got the best of each She rode them hard, she rode them long For she had so much to teach! And so ends this tale At least for now Of Samantha’s lusty lair So now you know And I’d lay odds – That you wish That you lived there! ‡ Comments RSS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Ways to buy my book This Month September 2010 S M T W T F S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Old Posts Old Posts Select Month October 2016  (7) September 2016  (30) August 2016  (31) July 2016  (31) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (31) February 2016  (29) January 2016  (31) December 2015  (31) November 2015  (30) October 2015  (31) September 2015  (30) August 2015  (31) July 2015  (31) June 2015  (30) May 2015  (31) April 2015  (30) March 2015  (31) February 2015  (28) January 2015  (31) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (30) October 2014  (31) September 2014  (30) August 2014  (31) July 2014  (31) June 2014  (30) May 2014  (31) April 2014  (30) March 2014  (31) February 2014  (28) January 2014  (31) December 2013  (31) November 2013  (30) October 2013  (31) September 2013  (30) August 2013  (31) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (31) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (31) February 2013  (28) January 2013  (31) December 2012  (31) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (31) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (31) July 2012  (31) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (31) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (31) February 2012  (29) January 2012  (31) December 2011  (31) November 2011  (30) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (30) August 2011  (31) July 2011  (31) June 2011  (30) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (31) February 2011  (28) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (30) October 2010  (31) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (31) July 2010  (22) Call me Enter your email address to follow "The Honest Courtesan"; you'll be notified by email whenever Maggie posts something new. Become a Blog Patron If you want to donate but don't want a recurring charge, you can send any amount you like via PayPal to my email address (see below). Be sure to include a note so I can thank you! Contact Maggie If you'd like to ask me a question, click here. If you made a comment and it doesn't appear within a few hours, click on this one. If you'd like to alert me to an interesting item, use this one. And if you have a request, bouquet or brickbat or just want to introduce yourself, this is the one for you. A Few References Ad Scortum Advice for Clients Frequently Told Lies Guided Tour Handy Figures House Rules King of the Hill Maggie's Amazon Wishlist Safety in Numbers Where's My Comment? Friends of Whores Amazing Women Rock An Anthology of English Pros Cliterati Econjeff Feminist Ire Judgy Bitch Literate Perversions Marijke Vonk Narco Polo Nobody's Business Paper Bird Popehat Radley Balko RTFTLC Sarah Woolley Sex and the State Simple Justice Stanley Siegel Talk Geek to Me The Naked Anthropologist Windy Pundit Organizations & Allies Desiree Alliance ESPLERP FIRST International Prostitutes Collective International Sex Worker Foundation for Art, Culture and Education International Union of Sex Workers Naughty New Orleans Network North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition Prostitutes' Education Network Sex Work Activists, Allies and You Sex Worker Open University Sex Workers Outreach Project Sex Workers Without Borders St. James Infirmary SWOP-NOLA Touching Base Women With a Vision Resources Decriminalization Success in New Zealand Dr. Brooke Magnanti on "How To Blog Anonymously" Legal Status of Prostitution by Country Logical Fallacies Loose Women or Lost Women? Sex Trafficking: The Abolitionist Fallacy Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work The Mythology of Prostitution The Philosophy of Liberty Third Wave Foundation's Pro-Sex Work Statement World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights Whorish Media After Hours Bound, Not Gagged Brooke Magnanti was a Sex Worker! Castrating Bitch Girl Furry Girl's Feminisn't Harlot's Parlour Kelly James vs. the TSA La Libertine's Salon Open Source Sex Post-Whore America Sina More Stuff Sex Workers Eat The Honest Catesan The Sex Myth The Time Waster Tits and Sass Vixen for Hire Maggie on TwitterMy Tweets Boring but necessary legal stuff All original content on this website (i.e. all of my columns, pages and anything else which I write myself) is protected under international copyright law as of the time it is posted; though you may link to it as you please or quote passages (as long as you attribute the quote to me), please do not reproduce whole columns without my express written permission. In other words, you have to say "pretty please with sugar on top" first, and then wait for me to say "okey-dokey". Blog at WordPress.com. WPThemes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
https://skipthegames.com/articles/about-escorts/escort-terms-escort-sex-definitions-escort-abbreviations|_|To make the most out of your visit to Skipthegames.com, please enable Javascript Skip the games. Get satisfaction. Find escorts I am a Man Woman Couple looking for a Female escort Male escort for men TS escort Massage or massage studio Domination or fetish Male escort for women Stripper or strip club Phone or website (cam) Adult job posting Please enter city or area Hide the search bar Skip the games Escort terms, sex definitions and abbreviations in escort ads Escort terms, sex definitions and abbreviations in escort ads October 27, 2013 | About escorts This is an escort terms / escort slang dictionary of words used to describe various sexual activities in escort ads. Each sex term is followed by a definition and every escort abbreviation is explained. C Top Ten most frequently used terms in escort ads A-Level / Greek BBBJ CIM DATY DFK GFE A vague term today, it used to mean “BBBJ + CFS + DFK + DATY + MSOG”. MSOG PSE Russian Safe 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Y Other common Internet abbreviations 0-9 3G Get In. Get off. Get out. 411 Information, intelligence, intel. e.g. “I got the 411 on her from hobbyhorse”. In the context of online forums requests for information about ASPs are labeled “411“, e.g., “411 Redhead Rianna”. 420 or 420 friendly An ASP that will smoke marijuana with you. A bit of advice: Adding drugs to your hobbying mix tends to give you a MUCH larger profile on Uncle Leo’s radar. An ASP who has a rep for being 420-friendly is likely getting way more attention from Uncle Leo than the more conservative hobbyists would prefer. 69 Mutual, simultaneous oral sex. $ The dollar sign (or collection of dollar signs) is sometimes used imply the price range of the services offered/provided. E.g., $ = $100, $$ = $200, $$$ = $300 and so on. Often .5 signifies $50, so $$.5 would mean $250. A Back to top Escort terms starting with A AAMP Apartment-based Asian massage parlor, as opposed to a commercial establishment. ABC American-born Chinese, also known as “banana”: yellow outside, white inside. ABJ American-born Japanese. AC/DC Bisexual. A-Level British parlance for anal sex. See also Greek. abrasion Rubbing the body with a variety of materials from raw silk to leather to sandpaper. adult baby creche A parent-child roleplay with one participant taking care of another. Also called ageplay, it can include the wearing and changing of diapers as well as bottle feeding. agency An organization or individual that manages many providers. The agency handles all calls, bookings and advertising. The agency takes a percentage of the fee for each session. Ageplay Scenes in which at least one participant pretends to be significantly younger than he or she actually is. All covered Also all covered play. With condom. amazon A tall, strong, often masculine woman. AMP Asian Massage Parlor. animal play Animal transformation fantasy: Games and scenes in which the sub (bottom) acts or dresses like a dog, cat, horse, etc. See ponyboy, ponygirl. AO Will see Asian clients only. ASP Adult Service Provider. analingus aka “Asian”: oral stimulation of the anus. Around The World Rimming. Oral sex on the anus of either sex, analingus Three acts in a session: oral, vaginal and anal Analingus and fellatio Asian Oral sex on the anus of either sex, analingus, aka rimming, DATO. Asian Cowgirl cowgirl with girl squatting. ATF All Time Favorite. ATM Ass To Mouth. Penis, finger or toy comes out of receiver’s anus, and goes directly into receiver’s mouth. attempts Trying to reach orgasm. e.g. ASP allowed multiple attempts: means the ASP allows more than one orgasm per session if the client is able and interested. aka MSOG. Aunt Flo Menstruation, period. ‘Being visited by Aunt Flo‘. B Back to top B&D Bondage and Discipline. B&S, bait & switch Describes a situation where ASP advertisements, which may include photos, written or verbal descriptions, do not match the ASP who shows up, or which has been grossly misrepresented the ASP. babyback Petite, young, attractive Asian woman. baby dyke A young lesbian or someone who is just coming out of the closet. bag Condom, with a condom, e.g. “BJ in a bag” = CBJ or “I filled the bag” = orgasm. Baja Sur Genitals. From the Spanish “the low south”. balloons Breast implants. bare back, bareback, BB Without a condom. Depending upon context it may be used as shorthand for intercourse without a condom (BBFS). barracuda An ASP whose only purpose is to separate you from your money as quickly as possible, preferably without giving you anything in return. Batin Groin massage, but sometimes means hand job (from Malaysia). BBBJ Bare Back Blow Job. fellatio without a condom; aka “un-translated French” (UTF). BBBJNQNS Bare Back Blow Job No Quit No Spit; oral sex performed to completion with swallowing. BBBJTC Bareback Blowjob To Completion. Oral stimulation of the penis to orgasm without a condom. (May spit or swallow), aka CIM. BBBJTCWS Bare Back Blow Job to Completion with Swallowing. BBBJWF Bareback Blowjob With Facial. BBFS Sexual intercourse without a condom. BBK Big beautiful knockers. BBW Big Beautiful Woman. An escort, ASP, who caters to clientele that prefer overweight, obese women. BCD Behind Closed Doors. Often used to mean activities that will be described to a privileged listener or nobody at all. BDSM Bondage, Discipline, Sado-Masochism. This is a catch-all to refer to the various aspects of negotiated, mutually consensual exchange of power between two consenting adults. Regardless of the depth of the relationship, consent, safety and sanity are the cornerstone of this lifestyle. Bear A large hairy (homosexual) man. beard A person of the opposite sex who marries or dates a closeted lesbian or gay person to cover up their homosexuality. In the past, often lesbians married gay men so that both could “pass” as straight, either for work or for their families. beret A condom. BF boyfriend. BFE Boyfriend Experience, A subjective term used primarily by ASP to describe good clients. birdwatching BBBJTCWS or CIM and ASP swallows. See BBBJNQNS, NQNS. bisexual A person who is sexually and emotionally attracted to both women and men. blackhole Anus. blue pill or blue steel Viagra. BJ Blow job, fellatio, French. Oral stimulation of the penis. BL Body Lick. BLS Ball Licking and Sucking. BNG Blow-n-go, a 15-minute oral-only session. Body-Rub A massage or massage-like service. Used instead of “massage”, usually to indicate sexual stimulation (usually a handjob) is included and the person performing the service is not licensed as a massage therapist, aka FBSM, Sensual Massage. Bondage chair A piece of furniture, sometimes a very complex one, with varying number of restraints to keep a sub at dom’s mercy. Boston Marriage In the late nineteenth century, it was common for two unmarried women to share a home. Many women, particularly those who were college educated, lived in long-term unions with other women. These relationships became known as “Boston Marriages”. Bottom In homosexual parlance: the passive partner. In BDSM: the submissive. Breath control A type of BDSM play in which the Dom controls the Sub‘s access to oxygen. Can be dangerous. brown eye Anus. brown shower Defecation on your partner. BS or body slide Service where the ASP may slide their body on the client’s body using oil. BSB Bus stop babe. bukkake A variety of fetish that involves repeated ejaculation of a female by many men. See also gokkon. bulldagger A term that was used in the 1920s to define a very butch lesbian. Often African American. bulldyke A very masculine lesbian. businessmen-only, gentlemen-only or professional-only A subjective request used in ASP advertising as a pre-screen for clients. The ASP posts this in hopes of attracting “better” clientele. butch A woman who adopts what would be considered masculine characteristics. Also a masculine homosexual. butter face A women whose body is very attractive, but her face is not. Everything looks good but ‘er face. C Back to top Camp Effeminate male – from KAMP, Known As Male Prostitute. canine, K9 See Doggy style. cash and dash A rip-off. The person posing as an ASP shows up, takes your money, doesn’t provide any services or might offer to “dance” (but more often than not does not), and leaves with the cash, aka dance and dash, ROB. CBJ Covered Blow Job. Blowjob or with a condom on, aka translated French (TF). CBT Cock and ball torture: application of clamps, cages, weights, wax, etc to male genitals as either punishment or tease and denial. Can be dangerous. CC Rider An ASP who is FS for $200/hr or less. The “CC” bit is the Roman numeral for 200. CCL Concentration Camp Look. CD cross-dresser. A person, and especially a male who adopts the dress and often the behavior typical of the opposite gender especially for purposes of emotional or sexual gratification. A person who sometimes wears the clothing and aesthetics of a gender other than the one they typically wear in their daily lives. See also transvestite CDS Covered Doggy Style. CFM Come Fuck Me, usually refer to the look of a person. CFS Covered Full Service. Sexual intercourse (coitus) with a condom. CG Cowgirl: she’s on top facing you. Chump A man who gives his money and/or his attention to women without getting any pussy in return. Largely a phenomenon experienced by American men when dating American women. CID Cum In Deep. The provider lets you come inside her with no condom. See BBFS. CIH Cum in Hair. CIM Cum In Mouth (in the context of fellatio without a condom (UTF/BBBJ)), see also NQNS, BBBJTC. civilian A person who makes them self available for sexual encounters but not for financial gain. May be less discreet than an ASP and more interested in a relationship. Not to be confused with non-pro. CL Craig’s List. The classifieds board of the internet, and formerly a free place for providers to advertise. Not so much a of player since the removal of Adult and Erotic services. clock watcher An ASP who counts the minutes until the session is over. Usually used to describe an ASP who rushes and does not enjoy her work. CMD Carpet Matches Drapes (typically a natural blonde). CMP Chinese Massage Parlor. CMT Certified Massage Therapist. Generally a CMT is not an ASP. While an ASP specializing in massage services might be a CMT, it is unwise to assume a CMT is an ASP. Very unwise. COB Cum On Body. Man ejaculates on a woman’s body. COF Cum On Face. Man ejaculates on woman’s face, aka face painting or facial. COH Cum on Hair. Cottage To cottage: to look for sexual partners in public bathrooms. Synonym: to cruise. coitus Sexual intercourse characterized by the male penis entering the female vagina. collar and cuffs match A euphemism to indicate that pubic hair color matches color of the hair on the head; natural hair coloring. Sometimes also referred to as ‘carpet & curtains match’. COM Cum Over Mouth (in the context of fellatio without a condom (UTF/BBBJ)). Lots of women hate swallowing so use the term C-0-M instead of C-I-M. commercial company a euphemism for prostitution generally used by truckers. completion Orgasm. e.g. Bareback blowjob to completion. cover A condom. covered Various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid sexually transmitted diseases. (e.g. Covered Blowjob means a condom was used.). Cowgirl ‘Girl on top’ position for sexual intercourse. Sometimes abbreviated CG (though this can be confused with the abbreviation for Call Girl as well. Mind the context for clarification.). crime scene action Sexual activity during the provider’s period (while menstruating). See also red wings. crone The word “crone” was (and in some circles still is) a derogatory term for an old woman. In the 1970s, during the feminist movement, lesbians began to adopt the word crone to mean a wise older woman. Today, in lesbian and feminist circles, a crone is a wise older woman whose life experience demands that she be treated with respect. cruising Looking for prostitutes while driving. Cyber-equivalents aren’t hard to imagine. Also, in homosexual slang, this is the same as “cottaging“. crushing Fetish relating to dominance and control; a desire to see small, defenseless animals crushed under women’s high heels. cunnilingus Oral stimulation of a woman’s genitalia. ‘giving head’ to a woman. ‘going down on’ a woman. cups of coffee Orgasms, e.g. multiple cups of coffee means the provider allows more than one orgasm. D Back to top dance and dash A rip-off. The person posing as an ASP shows up, takes your money, doesn’t provide any services or might offer to “dance” (but more often than not does not), and leaves with the cash. See cash and dash, ROB. DAP Digital anal probe, see digital penetration, aka digits. date (1) A session with an ASP. (2) A person who patronizes an ASP. date rape drug Rohypnol (generic name flunitrazepam) has been associated with date rape, and has also been called the “Forget Pill,” “Trip-and-Fall,” and “Mind-Erasers.” In combination with alcohol, it can induce a blackout with memory loss and a decrease in resistance. Girls and women around the country have reported being raped after being involuntarily sedated with Rohypnol, which was often slipped into their drink by an attacker. The drug has no taste or odor so the victims don’t realize what is happening. About ten minutes after ingesting the drug, the woman may feel dizzy and disoriented, simultaneously too hot and too cold, or nauseated. She may experience difficulty speaking and moving, and then pass out. Such victims have no memories of what happened while under the drug’s influence. DATO Dining At The O. Analingus, oral stimulation of the anus. See also rimming and Asian. DATY Dine At The “Y”; cunnilingus. DDE Doesn’t Do Extras. Implies the ASP has a very limited and stringently adhered to menu. DDF Drug and Disease Free. DDG Drop Dead Gorgeous. DDP Double Digit Penetration (vagina and anus). deep throat or DT fellatio where the whole length of the penis is “swallowed”. defender A hobbyist who defends or “comes to the rescue” of a provider who has been reviewed or spoken of poorly, regardless of whether the review or comments are accurate, aka White Knight. deposit a payment in advance of a session. Deposits are usually used by ASPs as a hedge against no-shows. DFE Dead Fish Experience. DFF Dead Fish Fuck. DFK Deep French Kissing. Kissing with deep, substantial tongue contact. diesel dyke A very butch or manly lesbian, especially one who is very aggressive. digital penetration Insertion of the fingers (or toes) in the vagina or anus for the purpose of sexual stimulation. This has nothing to do with the insertion of digital devices up anyone’s orifice—hold on to those iPads! Dirty Sanchez When two people engage in anal sex, then the person who has been ‘giving it’ to the other’s ass takes his penis or penis-like implement and rubs it on the other person’s upper lip leaving a moustache. DIY Do It Yourself (masturbation). See also self-service. doggie style Rear entry position for sexual intercourse. See Spanish. Dominant In BDSM, a person who administers the training to a submissive. Often shortened to Dom. donation A euphemism for a payment to an ASP. Generally considered a feeble dodge against legal concerns: after all if you are giving the ASP a donation or gift, you are not paying for sex. double penetration when a person (generally a female) has two objects (generally penises) simultaneously inserted in any two of the mouth, anus or vagina (most commonly the anus and vagina). doubles A threesome with two ASPs. DP Double Penetration Digital Penetration Drag king A woman who dresses to look like a man, usually for performance. Drag kings are often lesbian, but not always. Drag queen A male who dresses like a female, usually for performance. DS doggiestyle. DSL Dick-sucking lips. DT or deep throat fellatio where the whole length of the penis is “swallowed”. dyke Another word for lesbian. Usually is only used by people who are gay, lesbian, bisexual or trans. A straight person using this word may offend some people. E Back to top ED Erectile Dysfunction. EE Erotic Enema. Ellie Law Enforcement. The euphemism stems from the fact that people would refer to Law Enforcement with the abbreviation, “LE”. When expressed phonetically it was confused with the female name, “Ellie“. Since confusion and chaos rule despite people’s best efforts—. EMA Extra-Marital-Affairs. Affairs after marriage, but before divorce. EMP European Massage Parlor (white girls). English Segment of bondage and discipline; including spanking /whipping. enhancements Implants, most commonly breast implants, but sometimes penile implants (depending upon context). envelope Often cash payments for an ASP’s services are placed in an envelope. Rather than handing the ASP cash directly, or discussing money, the envelope is left in a conspicuous location for the ASP to discreetly pick up. EOM End of Message. Used in a subject line of a forum post to indicate no further content in body of message—where the title is intended to be sufficient. escort definition An escort is an Adult entertainer who is compensated for his or her time and companionship. escort mall, mall A website that advertises many different ASPs. The ASPs may be independent or agency, and may or may not be associated with each other, or with the mall. F Back to top F2F A female doing something to (providing a service for) a female. f2m A female doing something to (providing a service for) a male. face painting Man ejaculates on woman’s face, aka facial or COF. face sitting In BDSM, a form of erotic humiliation, whereby the dom sits on the face of a sub to force oral-genital or oral-anal contact. facial Man ejaculates on woman’s face, aka face painting or COF. Fag hag A woman who likes homosexual males. Fairy A male homosexual. FBSM Full Body Sensual Massage. A massage usually ending with a hand job. Often times the provider is nude or topless, aka Body Rub, Sensual Massage. Spelled “FBSM+”, means “with a bonus” and usually means a BJ. fellatio Oral stimulation of the penis, aka Blow Job (BJ), ‘giving head’ (f2m or m2m). femme A feminine lesbian, cf. butch. FDAU Face down, ass up. FFF The strategy of “Find them, Fuck them, Forget them”. fisting The act or art of putting a fist in an anus or vagina. Apparently a very popular practice among more evolved (kinky) gays. It requires great care and huge amounts of lubrication. FIA Finger In Ass. FIR Finger In Rear.Fire and ice providing a blowjob with the mouth filled alternately with hot tea and ice. FIV Finger In Vagina, digital stimulations. Five-O A police officer (uniformed or undercover). The cultural reference stems from the 1970’s TV show “Hawaii 5-O”, which derived its name from the name for Hawaii State Police force. FJ Foot Job. Stimulation of the penis using feet and toes. FK French Kissing. FKK Frei Körper Kultur, German nudist subculture. FL Free Lance. flake One who exhibits flaky or erratic behavior. Often used to describe ASPs or hobbyists who no-show and/or have scheduling issues. FMF Threesome designation: female, male, female. FOB Fresh off the boat, a recent immigrant. FOBU Fat-Old-Bald-Ugly. FOTC Fuck Of The Century. FOV Finger Outside Vagina. FR Field Report, Fuck Review. Foot fetish aka Foot warship – intense sexual interest in the shape, size, smell, texture and other characteristic of a foot. French Oral stimulation of the penis. Fellatio. “Translated” = with a condom. “Untranslated” = without a condom. French Kissing Kissing on mouth with tongue contact French letter Condom. FS Full service. Sexual intercourse (coitus) to completion. FTF Fun To Fuck. FUD Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt. What some (asshole) posters try to spread when they post on public forums with false accusations of LE activity and STD outbreaks. full meal deal Sexual intercourse (coitus) to completion, aka Full Service. FUTB Finger Up The Butt. G Back to top Gayborhood A gayborhood is a gay-friendly neighborhood or an area of town where gays and lesbians are known to live. Gaydar The ability to determine who is and isn’t gay. Gay dirt An attractive young male used by the police to entrap homosexuals. gender expression The physical manifestation of one’s gender identity, usually expressed through clothing, mannerisms, and chosen names. gender identity A person’s internal sense of being a man or woman or boy or girl. For transgender people, their gender identity will not match the gender with which they were born. gender identity disorder A term used by physicians and psychologists to classify people who are transgender or transsexual. gender variance Behavior that is different from traditionally defined “masculine” in males and “feminine” in females. genderqueer Someone who transgresses boundaries of gender identity and sexual orientation. gentlemen only businessmen-only or professional-only. A subjective request used in ASP advertising as a pre-screen for clients. The ASP posts this in hopes of attracting a “better” clientele. Get brain Receive a blowjob. get comfortable Get naked. As a feeble dodge of law enforcement, an ASP may ask a client to “get comfortable” or “make yourself comfortable” before a session, this means to get fully undressed. GF Girlfriend. GFE Girlfriend Experience. A frequently used, but utterly nebulous term. It refers to a session that is more like lovemaking with a girlfriend than a commercial service, whatever that means! It generally implies more about the tone & tenor of the session than about specific services provided, but many believe GFE should include the possibility of DFK, DATY, UTF and a broad array of FS positions. GF3 Girlfriend experience with all three holes. girl crush When two women have strong feelings for one another, but not in a sexual way. A girl crush is strong infatuation that one woman has for another woman who seems beautiful, sophisticated, charming or accomplished. It usually refers to heterosexual women. Glory hole A literal hole in the wall between two spaces. The legendary purpose of this hole is to insert one’s penis in hopes of receiving an anonymous (this is the main thrill) handjob, blowjob or coitus. glove condom. GND Girl Next Door. GOG Girl-On-Girl. gokkon A variety of fetish that involves swallowing and/or ingesting copious amounts of semen by either a man or a woman. See also bukkake. Golden shower, GS Urinating on your partner, urine play. See also water sports. Gold star lesbian A lesbian who has never slept with a man and has no intention of ever sleeping with a man. Gorean A BDSM subculture owing its existence to the world of Gor from the novels by John Norman. Gorean philosophy assigns stereotypical, “natural” roles to genders. Greek anal sex; anal sexual intercourse; penetration of the anus by the penis. GSM G-Spot Massage. H Back to top Half & Half BJ followed by FS; a combination of both oral sex and sexual intercourse; fellatio & coitus. Handballing Inserting a fist (optionally – with a part of the forearm) into the rectum. hard sports Giving or receiving. Playing with feces, also known as scat play or brown showers. Hardwood floors Clean-shaven pubic area. Hasbian A woman who used to identify as a lesbian and dated women, but is now dating men. hat condom. HC High Class. HDH High Dollar Hottie. HE Happy Ending: usually a handjob or a blowjob after a massage. Herb friendly Is amenable to marijuana use, aka 420 friendly. A bit of advice: Adding drugs to your hobbying mix tends to give you a MUCH larger profile on Uncle Leo’s radar. An ASP, who has a rep for being herb friendly likely is getting way more attention from Uncle Leo than the more conservative hobbyists would prefer. HH Half Hour. HHHJ Half Hearted Hand Job. hidden charges An ASP takes the advertised fee upfront, but in the midst of the session she asks for more money for more services. (e.g. She might undress and give a massage for the advertised $$, but then ask for an additional $ for French, or $$ for FS, etc.), aka upselling. Hindu massage The woman contracts her vaginal muscles during sex to squeeze you to completion (Argentina). HJ or Handjob Masturbation; hand & finger stimulation of the penis by the ASP, aka hand release, manual release. HM High Mileage. A derogatory reference to the number of sexual partners a person may have had. Conveys an implication of showing the ‘wear and tear’ of the said mileage. HME Honeymoon Experience. Supposedly better than a GFE, and even more nebulous. It refers to a session that is comparable to the intensity and passion of lovemaking while on one’s honeymoon. Mostly marketing hype. hobby Slang, euphemistic reference to the business of a client enlisting the services of an ASP. hobbyist Slang, euphemistic reference to one who (actively) participates in ‘the hobby‘. homophobia Fear or dislike of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people. hooker Prostitute. Hostess club A lower end strip club where bargaining for sex acts with the dancers is acceptable, and some activities may occur on premises. Hotdogging Also hotdoggin’. The pseudo-sexual act of placing the penis between the butt cheeks of the receiving partner. The penis being the “Hotdog” and the butt cheeks being the “Bun”. There is no intercourse, and usually no ejaculation. This is mainly a comical practice, and usually enjoyed by the giver more than the receiver. See also Italian. HTUMA Her/His Tongue Up My Ass, analingus. human ashtray Waste receptacle at the services of superior human beings. humiliation Actions aimed to cause a submissive a feeling they long after. These are the things they normally don’t do, like wearing bizarre clothing, having sex in public, playing puppy or pony, or accepting verbal abuse. Hustler A male prostitute. Same as punk. HWP Height and Weight Proportional. “Normal” build. I Back to top Incall Client meet the ASP at her location. independent, indie An ASP who works on her own, without an agency affiliation. The ASP manages her own calls, bookings, advertising and finances. interpreter Condom (e.g. She spoke French without the aid of an interpreter = BBBJ). intersex A person born with ambiguous genitalia or genitalia of both sexes. Used to be called hermaphrodite. IPO Initial Public Offering. Used to denote the public introduction of a new ASP, usually via a review. ISO In Search Of. A post/inquiry looking for something (presumably ‘something’ specific). Italian Similar to Russian, but the penis is placed between the partner’s butt cheeks. See also hotdogging. J Back to top Jack Shack An establishment (massage parlor, lingerie modelling) that is not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and hand job, but more services might be available. Jimmy Hat A condom. John A man who patronizes prostitutes, a hobbyist. K Back to top K9 Canine, or doggy style. Kama Sutra or Kamasutra A Sanskrit treatise setting forth rules for sensuous and sensual pleasure, love, and marriage in accordance with Hindu law. KGFE Korean GFE: with CBJ rather than BBBJ. Kitty Vagina and/or surrounding areas. The words you can expect to see used together with K. are “bald”, “partly shaven”, “trimmed”, “natural”. L Back to top L/A/S Looks/Attitude/Service: A subjective ranking system where each criteria is separately ranked, from lowest (1) to highest (10). Examples: 2/9/8 = Unattractive, but very friendly and good sex. 10/5/4 = Model material, but a poor attitude, and mediocre sex. LASER Same as above + Expense and (would or wouldn’t) Repeat. labrys A double-sided axe that the Amazons were said to use as their main weapon. Lesbians have adopted the labrys as symbol of power and independence. Many lesbians wear necklaces or earrings with a labrys symbol as a way to identify themselves to other lesbians. Landing strip A style of pubic hair sculpting resulting in a narrow vertical strip. Lapdog A hobbyist who worships an ASP to excess. Lay down doggie Also lazy dog. Doggie style with woman flat on stomach. LD Lap dance. LDL Low dollar looker, the opposite of HTH. LE Law Enforcement. LEO Law Enforcement Officer. lesbian A woman who is sexually and emotionally attracted to other women. LFK Light French Kiss. Kissing with only light tongue involvement. LGBT An abbreviation for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender. Lipstick lesbian A woman who loves other women, but also loves her clothes and makeup and shoes. She tends to dress on the femme side. Little blue helper Viagra. LK Light Kissing (closed mouth). LMP Licensed Massage Practitioner. See also CMT. Can also mean “Latin Massage Parlor”. LMT Licensed Massage Therapist. See also CMT. Lone Star Lesbian A woman who has only had sex with one other woman in their life. Straight and bisexual people can be Lone Stars as well, but Lone Star Hetero doesn’t sound nearly as interesting. LOS Land of smiles, Thailand. lot lizard A prostitute that works primarily in truck stop parking lots (usually soliciting from a CB radio). LPIN Legal prostitute in Nevada. LTR Long Term Relationship. When an ASP drops out of the business for a very substantial stipend, paid weekly, or monthly for exclusivity she is said to be in a long term relationship. See also sugar daddy. M Back to top m2f A male doing something to (providing a service for) a female. m2m A male doing something to (providing a service for) a male. Madame Proprietress of an agency. Maid In a British parlour, the person who answers the phone and books the schedule. Mall Also escort mall. A website like Skipthegames.com that advertises a variety of escorts or ASPs. The ASPs may be independent or agency, and may or may not be associated with each other, or with the mall. Mamasan Female manager of an asian massage parlor. Man in a boat, little man in a boat Clitoris. Manual release Stimulation of the penis to orgasm using hand and fingers, aka hand job, hand release. Massage A method of treating the body for remedial or hygienic purposes, including but not limited to rubbing, stroking, kneading, or tapping with the hand or an instrument or both. It may, but does not necessarily, include sexual stimulation. Sensual Massage indicates a massage with sexual stimulation (usually a hand job). MBR Multiple Bell Ringing (MSOG). Mediterranean Anal sex or analingus, e.g. “She took me on a trip to the Mediterranean.”. See also Greek. Menu The services generally considered available from a particular ASP. merkin Pubic hair wig / toupee. Also, something George W. Bush has repeatedly said he is proud to be. MFF Threesome designation: Male, female, female. MFM Threesome designation: male, female, male. MG Massage Girl. MIB Man in blue, law enforcement officer. Mileage A subjective term that describes value for money and/or how accommodating an ASP is. Good mileage usually means she either charges less than average, provides better L/A/S than average, or both. MILF Mom/Mother I’d Like to Fuck. Missionary Also mish. A position for sexual intercourse where the man is on top. MJ Massage Job. ML Make Love Massage Lady MMF Threesome designation: male, male, female. Mohawk A pubic hair style leaving a narrow strip of hair in the middle of the pubic area, aka landing strip, muff hawk, cock mohawk. Monger Short for whore monger. One who frequents prostitutes. See also hobbyist. MP Massage Parlor Multiple Positions Multiple Pops (MSOG) MPA Massage Parlor Attendant. MPCFS Multiple Positions Covered Full Service. MPOS Multiple Positions Oral Sex. MSOG Multiple Shots On Goal, also Multiple Pops. The ASP allows you the opportunity to climax more than once during the session. Mummification Wrapping a person up with layers material in order to immobilize them (nose and mouth are left open for breathing). Used to induce the feeling of utter helplessness. Can be considered a form of sensory deprivation. N Back to top NC/NS, NCNS No Call / No Show. See also no-show. Newbie Newb, a novice hobbyist or novice ASP. NGP Non/Not Genuine Photos. NMG No-Money Guys. Hobbyists who are on a strict (generally low) budget for hobbying. Nooner A lunch-time or afternoon session, popular with married hobbyists. Non-pro A person who makes her/himself available for sexual encounters for financial gain only occasionally (possibly to meet some short-term financial needs). May be less discreet than a provider and more interested in a relationship. Some argue that ‘the line’ is more definitive: if you take money, then you are a professional. No-show When an ASP or hobbyist doesn’t show up for an appointment and has not contacted the other party in advance to cancel or warn of problems in making the appointment. A very annoying and, unfortunately, too common occurrence in the hobby. When the offending party doesn’t call afterwards to offer an explanation and/or apology the situation is referred to as a No-Show/No-Call (NS/NC) and is considered an even more egregious offense. No-touch No touching allowed. (e.g. no-touch Jack shack, no-touch strip club). NQBC Non-quitter, but covered. CBJ to completion. NQBS Non-quitter, but spitter. BBBJTC and spits your ejaculate. NQNS No Quit No Spit; oral sex performed to completion with swallowing. NSA No Strings Attached. NS/NC No Show / No Call. see also no-show. O Back to top O, O’s Orgasm or orgasms. Off the clock Activities that occur with an ASP that she chooses not to charge for. (e.g. “We had lunch off-the-clock“). ONS One Night Stand. OTC Oral To Completion. Fellatio to orgasm. Out As in “outed”. Private, personal information on a hobbyist or an ASP is made public. e.g. Someone’s real name and address is posted to a public forum. Outcall The ASP comes to the client’s location. Out of the closet Being open about one’s (LGBT) sexual orientation. OVK Over the knee spanking – bending a submissive over one’s knee and striking his or her buttocks with either an open hand or a cane, paddle, whip, etc. OVN Overnight. OWO Oral Without, fellatio without a condom, aka BBBJ, UTF. OWOTC Oral Without Condom To Completion. P Back to top P2P Privates to privates: rubbing genitalia together without insertion. P4P Pay for Play. Refers to the concept of paying for sex. Papasan Male manager of an asian massage parlor. Party favors Drugs. Party hat Condom. PFF Pussy For Free (a myth). Pearl necklace Man ejaculates on woman’s neck and/or chest, trying to produce a white ‘decoration’. Pegging Anal penetration of a male by a female with the help of either a buttplug or strap-on. PIITB Put it in the bum/butt. Pillow queen Someone who likes to be on the receiving end of sex without much reciprocation. Pimp A person (generally a man) who solicits clients for a prostitute. Pink boxing A slang term for anal or vaginal fisting. PIV Penis in Vagina. PL Pathetic Loser. PM Prostate massage or Private message (on a forum). PO Phone operator. Ponygirl or ponyboy A popular roleplay fantasy that sees the submissive transform into a pony with the help of a harness, reins, gag bit, and a tail attached to a butt plug. The “pony” is expected to prance and/or pull a cart. Pooner A hobbyist who is immersed in the hobby culture. He may be very involved with the review boards and/or private exchange of information on ASPs and the hobby. Pop, pops Orgasms. An ASP may allow a client to have more than one orgasm during the session (e.g. more than one or multiple pops allowed). POS Pussy on the Side. Usually referring to hobbyists in relationships who are getting some POS. Power dyke A lesbian who has gained a position of power, either within the LGBT community, or in the world at large. Professional-only Also gentleman-only, businessmen-only. A subjective request used in ASP advertising as a pre-screen for clients. The ASP posts this in hopes of attracting “better” clientele. Provider Prostitute. PS Private Show (Dance only). PV Private Viewing (Dance only). PSE Porn Star Experience. A session that gives the feeling of being in a Porn or XXX Movie or like having a date with a Porn Star. As with the Girlfriend Experience (GFE), a PSE is not very well defined and definitions will vary wildly. It generally refers more to the tone & tenor of the session (totally wild!) than to specific services provided, but many believe PSE should include the possibility of DATY, UTF, Greek, DFK, NQNS, Russian, COF and a broad array of FS positions. Puffies or puffers Breasts where the entire areola appears ‘puffy’, enlarged, or swollen. Punk A male prostitute. Punter A British slang term for a hobbyist. Pup play A variant of animal play where a submissive acts like a puppy: barks, whines, eats from a bowl, and generally obeys the master or faces punishment. PV Private Viewing. A session that is most often limited to a striptease and self-service. Usually in the context of a Strip Club. PVC Polyvinyl chloride. In skin-tight fetish clothing, a shiny substitute for more expensive materials: leather, rubber and latex. “PVC” is also used as a generic term for PVC proper, latex, vinyl and leather. PW Pussy Whipped. Adjective describing a guy controlled by a girl because she gives him sex. PYT Pretty Young Thing. Q Back to top Queef An emission of air from the vagina, especially when noisy, aka vaginal fart or vart. R Back to top R & T Rub and Tug. A massage followed by a hand job. RA Relaxation Assistant. Raincoat condom. Raw Sex without condom. RCA Reverse Cowgirl Anal. RCG See Reverse cowgirl. Red wings The ‘badge’ a hobbyist earns for performing oral sex (cunnilingus) on an ASP who is menstruating. REQ Request. Used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains a request for information. See also 411. REV Review. Used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains review of an ASP. Reverse cowgirl Woman rides on top, facing away. Reverse half-and-half Sexual intercourse followed by oral sex to completion. Reverse massage The client massages the ASP. Reverse oral The client performs oral sex on the ASP. Review A critical evaluation of a provider. May include information on her looks, attitude and service. Rimming or rimjob Analingus; oral stimulation of the anus. RLD Red Light District. Area rich with prostitution. RMP Russian massage parlor. R.O.B. or ROB Run/Rip Off Bitch. Individuals posing as providers take the money and run without providing any services, aka Cash and Dash. Role play Also roleplay. Acting out sexual fantasies in a specific scenario, where participants are assigned roles: dog – owner, nurse – patient, teacher – student, etc. Role reversal Same as pegging – penetration of male’s anus by a female with a strap-on dildo Roman An orgy. RPG Role playing games. Roman shower Vomit play. RTF Return To Fuck. RTFF Read The Fucking Forum. Rubber 1) Material popular with BDSM practitioners for its tactile characteristics; 2) Items – primarily special clothing – made of this material; compare to PVC; 3) Condom. Russian Rubbing a penis between ASP‘s breasts. Usually results in pearl necklace. Russian (in Australia) Short sex session, aka a “Quickie”. S Back to top Safe Sexual activity in which various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid diseases transmitted by sexual contact. e.g. All activities were safe. San Juan Capistrano BBBJTC and the ASP swallows. See also CIM, BBBJNQNS, birdwatching. Sandbag, sandbagger A subjective term for a review (or reviewer) that attempts to mislead the reader by giving unwarranted praise to a provider. Sans Without. e.g. She provided French sans beret = BBBJ. Scat Defecation on one’s partner or feces play. Screening An ASP or agency does a pre-session background check on a new client. E.g. collecting verifiable personal info such as the hobbyist’s real name, place of employment, home or work phone, home or work address, and/ or a referral from a trusted provider. Upfront deposits may also be used as a screening tool to hedge against no-shows. Self-review Also Self-post. An ASP or agency poses as a hobbyist, and posts a highly positive review of herself or agency to increase business. Self service Masturbation. e.g. “It was a self-servicejack shack” = no contact with the dancer, but the man can masturbate. Semi pro An escort whose main source of income is something other than escorting. Sensory deprivation Restricting somebody’s ability to see, hear, smell, taste and/or touch through the use of blindfolds, earmuffs, hoods, etc. Sensual Massage Also SM. Indicates a massage with sexual stimulation (usually a hand job). Session The time spent with an ASP. Sex worker Catch all phrase sometimes used to describe prostitutes. May also be used in the context of strippers, peep show workers, topless waitresses. SFH Sex For Hire. SG Street Girl. Shemale Transsexual, particularly one who is living as a woman, but hasn’t had SRS. Penis may or may not get erect. Shill A person who writes unsolicited positive commentary about an ASP in a discussion forum to ‘suck up’ to the ASP or who writes unwarranted positive reviews in exchange for discounts or special favors from an ASP or agency. Shots on goal Attempts to reach orgasm. e.g. ‘She allows multiple shots on goal’ means she allows more than one orgasm per session if the client is able and interested. See MSOG. Sixty nine Partners perform oral sex on each other simultaneously. See also 69. . Slam, slammed An unwarranted or overzealous harsh review or abusive criticism of an ASP or agency. Snowball ASP takes ejaculate in her mouth and returns it via kissing to the ejaculator. SO Significant Other. Spouse or partner in a (non-casual) relationship. SOG Shot(s) on goal, attempt(s) at orgasm. Soixante-neuf 69. Partners perform oral sex on each other simultaneously. See also 69. SOMF Sat On My Face. SOP Stantard Operating Procedure. South of the border Genital region. Southern France Fellatio without a condom. See also French, BBBJ. SP Service Provider, prostitute. See also ASP. Spanish (Australian usage) Penis between her breasts, Russian. Spanish (USA usage) Penis, finger or toy comes out of the ASP’s ass, and goes directly into the ASP’s mouth. See also Dirty Sanchez, ATM. spanking Slapping or striking somebody’s buttocks with the palm of the hand or an object like paddle, hairbrush, slapper, etc. A form of punishment / humiliation. Spinner A very petite provider. So petite in fact, she could easily spin around the client’s erect penis in a position like Asian Cowgirl. One possible etymology: from the action reminiscent of the 1970’s toy, “Sit ‘n’ Spin”. Squirting, squirter Female ejaculation, an ASP who ejaculates. SRS Sexual Reassignment Surgery. ST Short Time. Starfish Anus or Unresponsive ASP. STD Sexually Transmitted Disease. Sting A female police officer poses as an ASP to apprehend unsuspecting clients, or a male police officer poses as a client to apprehend unsuspecting ASPs. Stone butch lesbian A lesbian who gets her pleasure from pleasing her partner. She does not like to be touched sexually. STR Short Term Relationship. Street action Prostitution that is solicited on public streets. Prostitutes (usually on foot) are picked up by clients in motor vehicles. Sexual acts may occur in the vehicle, or at another agreed upon location. Stroll A street, strip, or neighborhood that sees heavy street action. Submission In BDSM, giving freely of oneself for the pleasures of others, subordinating oneself (with agreed upon limits). Submissive In BDSM, a person trained by a dominant. Often shortened to Sub. See Submission. Sunshine, sunny Without a condom (i.e. no raincoat). SW Street walker Sex Worker Sybian A mechanical sex device shaped as a half-barrel with a dildo mounted in the middle. SYT Sweet Young Thing. T Back to top Take care of business Payment is made to provider. e.g. “She wanted to take care of business first.”. Teabag, teabagging To dunk ones scrotum into the open mouth of another person. Tie and tease A game of control over a partner’s orgasm with common use of physical restraints. Often a part of tease and denial. Tease and denial Also known as erotic denial, orgasm denial. A mild sexual torture in which a high state of sexual arousal is maintained for an extended time without climax. TAMP Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor. TER The erotic reviews site, adult services classifieds board, and hobby discussion forums. TG Transgender. Catch-all term for transvestites, transsexuals, shemales, and CDs. TGTBT Too Good To Be True. Throne job Self-service. Refers to an establishment that doesn’t offer FS. The premises will only have a large chair or “throne” for you to sit on and masturbate while the woman dances for you. Tina Crystal meth. Tipping required The ASP demands more than the advertised price in order to perform, or bargains hard for various services. See also upselling, hidden charges. To completion Until orgasm. TOFTT Take One For The Team. What a hobbyist is said to do when they see an enigmatic ASP. Some argue that a hobbyist is only TOFTT when the experience ends up to be a bad experience. Others argue that if the hobbyist doesn’t report back in some way, e.g., with a review, then the hobbyist has not TOFTT. Top In homosexual parlance: the active partner. In BDSM: the dominant. Toss the salad Analingus. Training 1) BDSM slavery; a way of letting the Submissive understand that the Dominant is their master. 2) Any specific scenario used to convey the message from #1: slave training, pup training, pony training, etc. Trans, tranny An inclusive term, encompassing transgender, transsexual and other gender variant people. Transgender A person whose gender expression is different from how society says they are “supposed” to be. Transgender can be an umbrella term for cross-dressers, transsexuals, intersex people and other gender-variant individuals. Transsexual A person with the urge to be the opposite sex. They may or may not choose to have gender reassignment surgery. Translated French, TF Oral sex with a condom. Translation, translator Condom, e.g., “She spoke fluent French without a translator” = BBBJ. Transvestite A person who sometimes wears clothes traditionally worn by and associated with the opposite sex; typically a male who cross-dresses occasionally by habit or compulsion. Trick A sex act for money, as in ‘She is turning tricks‘. A man who patronizes prostitutes, as in ‘That trick was a FOBU’. Tri F A devotee to the “Find them, Fuck them, Forget them” strategy. Trip to islands Greek, anal. Also a “tour of the islands”. Trolling The act of driving around looking for a prostitute. As in cruising. Posting to a discussion board with the intent to anger or incite others. One who does so is referred to as a ‘troll’. TS Transsexual. A person with the urge to be the opposite sex. They may or may not choose to have gender reassignment surgery. Table Shower. TTA Tight Tan Ass. Tuft Pubic hair. TUMA Tongue Up My Ass. Turning tricks Prostitution. TV Transvestite. A person who sometimes wears clothes traditionally worn by and associated with the opposite sex; typically a male who cross-dresses occasionally by habit or compulsion. TVSW Transvestite Street Walker. Two Call System The general location is revealed during the first call; location specifics are revealed on the second call. U Back to top Uncle Leo A law enforcement officer. umbrella Condom. Uncovered, or untranslated Without a condom. Upselling An ASP takes the advertised fee upfront, but in the midst of the session she asks for more money for more services. (e.g. She might undress and give a massage for the advertised $$, but then ask for an additional $ for French, or $$ for FS, etc.), aka hidden charges. UTF Untranslated French. Oral sex without a condom. UTR Under The Radar; an ASP who maintains a very low profile; generally does not advertise, does not accept reviews, does not have a website and does not participate in hobby forums. V Back to top verbal humiliation / abuse Issuing insults and negative epithets to produce belittlement, from which excitement and/or arousal can be obtained. Giving is done by the dominant, who produces the humiliation, while receiving is done by the submissive, who is the object. Vanilla Plain genital sex without any extras. W Back to top WAH Wild Ass Humping. water sports Urination play. see also golden shower. Wax play Dripping melted wax on the submissive‘s naked skin. This activity requires thorough understanding of the material that the candles are made of. Eyewear is recommended. Weeklies Alternative weekly newspapers. These often contain various adult service listings, including massage and escort advertisements. e.g. The Village Voice, San Francisco Bay Guardian, The Stranger. WF Wild Fuck. WG Working Girl. A prostitute. Whip In the strictest sense, a strip of leather attached to a handle, whip commonly describes any object used for beating a submissive: whips proper, canes, crops, paddles, slappers, etc. See English. White knight A hobbyist who defends or “comes to the rescue” of a provider who has been reviewed or spoken of poorly, regardless of whether the review or comments are accurate, aka defender. Whoremonger One who habitually patronizes prostitutes. WIR Would I Repeat, Would I Return, Would I Recommend. With With a condom (e.g. French with = CBJ). Without Without a condom. (e.g. French without = BBBJ). WL Working Lady. WOA Word of Advice. Womyn An alternative spelling of woman or women often favored by feminists. Working girl A prostitute. WTF What the f#$k. Y Back to top YL Young Lady. YMMV Your Mileage May Vary. A overused, common sense disclaimer meant to convey that an ASP may do things with one person, but not with another. Often used as a caveat, “Don’t accuse me of a false report if she doesn’t do the same with you.”. YMMV Girl An ASP who is known for being inconsistent in her attitude and service. i.e. Gets hot and cold reviews. Other common internet abbreviations Back to top AAMOF As A Matter Of Fact. ADN Any Day Now. AFAHMASP A Fool And His Money Are Soon Parted. AFAIAC As Far As I Am Concerned. AFAIK As Far As I Know. AIMB As I Mentioned Before. ASAD All-Singing All-Dancing. ATM At The Moment. ATST At The Same Time. BION Believe It Or Not. BOGOF Buy One Get One Free. BRB Be Right Back. BRBBRB Be Right Back – Bathroom Break. BRBCB Be Right Back – Coffee Break. BRLCFH Broke Ribs Laughing, Call For Help. BTSOOM Beats The Stuffing Out Of Me. BTW By The Way. CYA Cover Your Ass. DC Double-Click. DILIGA (S | F | D) Do I look like I give a (S**t) (F**k) (Damn) ?. ETHOM Excuse The Hell Out of Me. FOOMCBASL Falling Out Of My Chair Busting A Spleen Laughing. FKA Formerly Known As. FUBAR Fouled Up Beyond All Repair/Recognition. FWIW For What Its Worth. FYI For Your Information. FYR For Your Records. GD&R Grin, Duck and Run. IAC In Any Case. IANALB I Am Not A Lawyer But. ICOCBW I Could, Of Course, Be Wrong. IM(H)O In My (Humble) Opinion. IOW In Other Words. ISO In Search Of. ISTR I Seem To Remember. IWIK I Wish I knew. KIT Keep In Touch. L&G Latest And Greatest. LMK Let Me Know. LOL Laughing Out Loud. LTNS Long Time No See. LUKHITO Let Us Know How It Turns Out. MBWA Management By Wandering Around. MMF Make Money Fast (scam). NIMBY Not In My Back Yard. NTYMI Now That You Mention It. NP No Problem. OMG Oh My God/Gosh. OTOH On The Other Hand. OP Original Post or Original Poster. PEBKAC Problem Exists Between Keyboard And Chair. PEBMAC Problem Exists Between Monitor And Chair. PM[F]JI Pardon Me [For] Jumping In. QQ Quick Question. ROFL Rolls On Floor Laughing. ROTFLMAO Rolling On The Floor Laughing My Ass Off. TFX Too Flippin’ eXpensive. TIA Thanks In Advance. TLD Topless lap dance. TPTB, PTB The Powers That Be. TTBOMK To The Best Of My Knowledge. TTYL Talk To You Later. TWT Time Will Tell. WAD Working As Designed. WAS Wait And See. WTHDIK What The Hell Do I Know. YHBT You Have Been Trolled. YMMV Your mileage may vary, your experience may be different. Back to top Popular male provider ads Popular male provider photos Popular male provider photos Most read escort articles Escort terms, sex definitions and abbreviations in escort ads The good, bad and ugly of porn star escorts 10 Hollywood stars you won’t believe used to escort Tips from an escort: What to expect from an escort How to craft up-market escort ads that work Related articles 13 reasons why you did not like your session with an escort 12 things to understand before submitting your offbeat request to an escort Escort as a life coach? Escorting the powers that be Artful escorting All escort articles ©Skipthegames.com About Contact Privacy Terms Escort Info How can we make the site better for you?
https://theescortlover.wordpress.com/2012/06/30/the-value-of-reviews/|_|Home About Definitions Start Here! The Escort Lover The Dirty View From A John's Eyes Stay updated via RSS Latest Posts More Sugar Baby Stuff! The Flood Gates Open SB Haters… Life of a Sugar Daddy: 2013 Edition Sugar Babies and Mailbags: The Return Pornscorts: A Fascinating Category of Escorts The Escort Who Couldn’t Be My Sugar Baby The Beginner’s Guide to Being A Sugar Baby Mad Sugar Babies Read Here Reviews Rewritten: Courtnie Categories Escorts (27) AMPs (6) Providers (Agencies) (6) Providers (Independents) (15) Strip Clubs (4) Sugar Babies (19) SWs (4) Informational (11) My Experiences (19) Reviews Rewritten (3) Uncategorized (1) The Value of Reviews Posted: June 30, 2012 in Escorts, Informational, Providers (Agencies), Providers (Independents) Tags: agency, BackPage, blowjobs, cheating, corrupt, Craigslist, escort review boards, escort reviews, escort screening sites, escorts, gold digger, GPS, hobby, hookers, independent, love, MILF, money, Preferred411.com, prostitution, reviews, sex, TheEroticReview.com, theescortlover, topless, twitter, twitter hookup, whore 20 If you’re just now reading my blog for the first time, click on any of the interesting-looking categories to the left to read some of my past posts, or just click “Start Here” up at the top of the page.  It’ll get you started, at least, so you’re not lost or confused! ————————- It’s been quite a while since I’ve had an “Informational” type of blog post.  Something happened to me last night (which, yes, I will blog about later) which made me start thinking about the value of reviews.  Since reviews are an essential part of any smart, careful hobbyist’s screening process, I figure that it’s my duty to say a few words about them. What are reviews? Reviews are exactly what they sound like.  Much like you review a new album on iTunes, or the new product you bought on Amazon, or the nipple clamps you bought on eBay, reviews in the escorting world are designed to allow other men the opportunity to have some background knowledge of an escort that he may be interested in seeing. Where do I find reviews on an escort that I’m thinking about seeing? There’s a few places.  The simplest one is to contact the escort you are considering and ask her if she can provide a link to any websites where she is reviewed.  A good percentage of the time, she will link you to the place you will likely go for all future research efforts.  Obviously, there are some limitations.  For one, there is a 99.999445684935689448595% chance she will only link you to reviews that she knows are stellar – even hookers have brains and know better than to show you bad reviews!  For another, there is a larger-than-you-think percentage of escorts who actually have no idea there are websites other than Backpage, CitySearch, Eros, etc. related to the hobby.  So while it may be fine, I suggest a couple of other methods. The one I prefer most is using an escort review board, which I mentioned in my screening blog post.  An escort review board is a forum system designed to allow men to post their reviews of escorts they see online so that other men can read them and make a more informed decision about their spending habits.  Often, the boards are segmented geographically so that you can only see escorts who have been in your area.  A popular ERB to use is The Erotic Review.  The positives are that you can actually talk to the men directly who gave reviews, and often the escorts themselves are also on the boards (where better to advertise than on a site dedicated to them?), so it’s a fertile ground for information and access.  The negatives are that there is usually some sort of fee to gain “membership” (access to see “The Rest of the Story”), as well as the petty online drama that will come from just about any congregation of about 2 or more people online. The third and final option (that I’ll talk about today) is to use a third party screening site (such as Preferred411) to locate the women you’d wish to see.  Again, as I said in my screening post (link above), this type of site often lists the reviews for a provider using their service across many ERBs.  So if a particular woman you are interested in is reviewed on a board you’ve never heard of, you can potentially go check her out now, whereas you may not have been able to prior.  The positives are pretty obvious.  The drawback is that a third party site like this often screens your real life information (including calling your work), as well as costs some money, so if you are looking for as much anonymity as possible, this is a path that might scare you, despite the bonuses. When I read a review, what information am I looking to gather, exactly? Well, when I personally read a review, there are a few things I’m looking for.  The first thing is that I’m looking to make sure that her physical description in the review matches what I’ve previously found out about her (including seen in pictures), mostly because I’m a selfish jerk who isn’t in this for personality!  The second thing I do is verify that her fees (what the guy paid her) are in line with her ads, prior communications with her, other reviews, etc.  Usually, if a guy does end up getting a lower rate, it’s almost never publicized, because it would cause the girl to have to either lower rates or have a ton of awkward conversations with us cheap asses.  The third thing I do initially is look at the “Activities” portion and see what they did in their session.  I prefer girls who gives blowjobs without a condom on and swallow – otherwise known as BBBJTCIMNQNS (bare back blow job to cum in mouth no quit no spit) – so I often like to make damn sure the girl I’m interested in does it.  Or, at least, making sure either way so I’m not surprised. That initial check takes about 30 seconds to a minute, once you read enough reviews and get comfortable with the lingo, the layout of that site’s reviews, etc. What takes a bit longer (depending on how detailed the reviewer is) is reading “The Rest of the Story”.  That section, abbreviated often as “ROS”, is the actual narrative of the session.  For some guys, it’s really just a basic, to-the-point review that tells you what you need to know.  For others, it’s their opportunity to relive the moment again and give you every single detail, including what color the condom wrapper is.  Take a guess as to which group I fall into! While some of you may enjoy the written porn of the reviews, you really are looking for just a few things.  I won’t go into the entire exhaustive list, but generally speaking, you are making sure she’s clean (showered), the place is clean, she’s friendly, all of the activities went down smoothly, and whether or not there were any red flags or negatives about the session.  The negatives/red flags are the big piece of the puzzle.  If any of them are deal breakers for you, you should consider another escort. How much emphasis should I put on any one particular review? It really depends.  On the one hand, the reviews ARE there for a reason.  On the other, there are exceptions to every situation.  Have you ever heard  the phrase “sample size”?  Without going into a long statistical explanation, it basically means that you cannot make an informed opinion or statement about anything until you have enough quality information to make it.  Applying that to escort reviews, you really have to have a good amount of reviews on an escort before you can realistically peg her into any sort of label regarding her performance, attitude, etc.  If you have 2 reviews saying that someone is Aphrodite incarnate, it means a lot less than for someone with 50 reviews saying the same thing.  The more people that say the same thing, even over a long period of time, the better. However, it’s not the amount of reviews that qualify opinions either.  What would you say about a guy who writes his very first review about an escort?  Generally speaking, it’s worthless on its own – a guy who hasn’t seen multiple escorts doesn’t know what there is to expect (I should know, see my first two reviews!).  What if she has only one review, and that one review is from that guy?  Honestly, it could be just as likely (it DOES happen) that she created a fake account and posted a review of herself.  You can often tell when this happens because they’ll talk more about the experience and never actually mention the things most guys cover in ROS. What about if a girl has 24 stellar reviews, and then the 25th and most recent review is scathing and basically says that she did the opposite of everything she’s done for 24 other guys?  Well, there are a few things at play here.  The first, and most likely, thing is that he had a bad time either by her doing (all girls have bad days), his doing (some guys go in too aggressive or smell bad or ask for things they shouldn’t, etc.), or a combination of the two.  A bad review is almost never 100% the fault of the girl.  The second thing is that this may be a situation to monitor.  If other guys comment on his review and “come out of the wood work”, so the speak, or if another review comes in shortly after and echoes the same thing, then maybe this is something to seriously consider. The hobby is littered with stories of escorts who burst onto the scene as the Girl of the Moment, make a ton of money, and then very shortly thereafter (sometimes a matter of a few weeks) flame right back out due to several factors (drugs, outside relationships, being caught, etc.).  An underrated symptom, though, is that being in the hobby can just weigh on a girl, and her attitude and personality CAN change over time to the point that her old reviews are irrelevant.  It happens. All of this long-winded talk to make this point:  use common sense.  If a girl gets a pretty even amount of good and bad reviews, then you should go into the session with your eyes open and being prepared for it to suck.  If the reviews are all good, expect a good time.  If they are bad, DON’T GO!  JERK OFF INSTEAD!  IT’S NEVER WORTH IT! Should I write a review of every new escort I see, even if there are 1,000 reviews out there? Yes.  Absolutely, positively, 100%, please write a review! First of all, there is never such a thing as too much information.  Every recent review of a provider is a confirmation that the experience one can expect to have with her is still valid as of that day.  If a girl has 100 A+ reviews, but her last review was in 2011, I’m a little skeptical (though I’ll still probably see her). Secondly, you may want to remember this!  For me personally, I try to write a review every time I see someone new for the first time because it gives me an opportunity to chronicle my sexual history and be able to relive it at will for as long as the information is available online or on my computer.  You’d be shocked at how little you can remember of your first experiences once you get even 2-3 years away from them. Thirdly, every new review helps the provider out.  Some even have review specials (ie. they give you a lower rate if you’ll write a review of them).  If you want to be a gentleman, despite the fact you are paying them to spread their legs, writing a review is a gracious bonus to them.  Alternatively, writing bad reviews is a must, even for a popular provider with a good reputation – don’t be hateful and biased, but spell the facts out and let the chips fall where they may. Finally, and most selfishly, most ERBs give you “membership credit” to write reviews.  On my local ERB that I use, you get 6 weeks of premium membership (access to read everyone’s ROS and the Men’s Private Area) free when you write a review.  Not a bad perk, especially if you use the majority of your spare change to see escorts. ————————- That’s all I got for now.  If I’m feeling particularly spirited tonight, I may do a bunch of writing to get some content ready for you guys to enjoy in the weeks to cum.  If you follow me on Twitter (@theescortlover), you’ll know that I saw a new escort last night (6/29/12) and also that I’m working on a multi-part feature where I interview several strippers in various stages of their careers and find out more about the world of stripping from a perspective that should hopefully shed some light on what really goes on when you pay the lady at the door.  Those pieces should go up sometime in the next week or so.  I’m also working on doing some interviews with escorts and sugar babies, so if you are one or know any, please tell them to contact me! As always, thank you for reading!  Please comment below, and feel free to tweet me on Twitter as well to discuss more! Rate this: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google More Email Print Reddit LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Comments Felicia Fine says: July 29, 2012 at 9:48 pm Misspelled your name before I think. Great posts JOHN🙂 Wow, the last one had me really hot. I hope to meet clients that have watched my career for years someday. I had such a good time when I briefly became a provider. I can’t wait to get going again. It’s the ground floor of my little biz and I’m addicted to this site now! Love, Fe Reply Patti says: September 22, 2012 at 10:34 am I really enjoyed reading your blog, You made some great points in the Escort reviews. I will be a follower. Reply MILF gives blowjob says: September 28, 2012 at 12:32 pm Their saying its a (Before I Self Destruct 2) but i looked everywhere on the web and i haven’t seen it… so if anyone knows? where i can find it please tell me because i wanna see part 2.. Reply Rosendo Quintel says: November 26, 2012 at 7:45 pm Hello, Reply eva says: April 16, 2013 at 11:41 am I am Eva Janovska 30Y , from Bratislava but am also lot in Vienna and London since I date london busineman. I want to have some good reviews on my escort work. So I make more money. Have look at my pictures on the internet I was working for Playboy and was miss fitness in 2008. You can find many pictures from me modelling. Not so much from my escort work. Can you help me? If you mail me I can send erotic pictures and if you post with good comment. I will pay. Eva.janovska777@gmail.com Eva777 Reply ivannalord says: June 3, 2013 at 10:36 am Good post. You have a new follower! Reply eccie says: September 19, 2013 at 4:30 pm Reviews are sometimes tainte9852750301 A moderator run website has women escorts that engage free or discounted favors/services for glowing reviews. Indebted to a moderator is like having a pimp. Prime evidence; flora Belle escort/mina Parker escort(Mississippi) hides behind moderator- Wiley problem child . Look at her avatar and read the caption” problem childs love slave”. Reply Bella says: October 22, 2013 at 11:43 pm Hi, my name’s Bella. I’ve been reading a lot of your blogs, as well as the other blogger you recommended, “TheReluctantEscort.” I’ve gotten a lot of great information from both so I figured I’d write you in hopes that you could help me. I’ve been responding to “agencies” posted on Backpage and Craigslist all day -and I know those arn’t the best places to go but I don’t really know what else to do since I’ve never done this before. I have no reviews for anyone to go off of,and even if they did call me I wouldn’t know the steps to verifying them so that I’m not walking into a bad scene. Do you have any advice for me? Reply Emmitt says: January 24, 2014 at 4:57 am Hi, did you find out what you needed to know? If you still need some help, I know a couple people in the industry that could help you. Best of luck🙂 Reply thepinch says: March 28, 2014 at 10:02 pm I am new to this business too. Seems you can’t get in unless somebody has done a review on you. Some review places are suggesting discounts and even freebies to get reviews. I would like to see a review board for clients. Seriously. Nobody should have to work that hard. Reply MumbaiEscorts says: May 8, 2014 at 6:27 am Thanks For Sharing This Such Important Information………..:P😀 http://nashikescorts.net/ Reply thepinch says: May 20, 2014 at 1:07 pm Of course, it is entirely possible for someone to leave an absurdly disparaging review on a new escort (i.e. 1/10,2/10) so that they can get at the escort again for restitution. melanieoftoronto@gmail.com Reply Saba saba says: September 10, 2014 at 6:48 am Dubai is modern city with lots of charm and beauty in it. When you have been in Dubai, you may feel that when the night coming, there are lots of excellent nightlife scene with a large choice of bars and nightclubs you can enjoy. Actually, Dubai is a hot destination for ladies. You will find there are many ladies from Russia, India, Middle East, Philippine and Singapore like to play or relax in these bars or clubs when it is night, they go there in search of their fortune. But all of the night club or bars must close before 3 a.m which based on the law of Dubai, in Dubai, Thursday is the biggest night with Fridays not far behind. So during your trip in Dubai, just lose no time to pick up some Girls in these club or bars. Dubai Escorts Reply SKM says: October 13, 2014 at 12:23 am I was trying to locate the name of the escort review board you used most. I read your screening blog post but I must have overlooked it. In addition to the one you liked and used most, do you have others you’d recommend? I know about TER, ECCIE, The Big Doggie,and The other board . P411 is not a review site. Reply Jimmi Singh says: October 25, 2014 at 4:02 am Independent Escorts in Gurgaon http://www.richamehta.com/ Independent Escorts in Gurgaon, she is extremely talented and able to take her clients at the peak of excitement. So please contact us: 91-9971089475 Escorts Service in Gurgaon Reply ally says: November 3, 2014 at 2:57 am My name is ally, I am a escort in Seattle and I just wanted to say that I really enjoyed your info in this article. I mostly have all good reviwes and of course I have a couple not so great ones. I completely agree and love you for saying that it’s not always our fault. I willk be the firs to admit if it is and I always make amends but these reviews all had to do with the examples you gave, smelled awful, wanted to do things I didn’t offer etc. Anyways I could go on forever but I just wanted to show appreciation for your blogs, I will definitely be directing my clients to it in the future, if that is ok of course. Thanks for your time, ally Reply David says: January 1, 2015 at 2:22 am FAKE DOESN’T LOOK LIKE PICS POSSIBLE TRANSVESTITE! Sprayed me with mace when I asked her to leave she tried to steel my laptop but I got it back too bad it broke in the process her address is 215 W Broadview dr San Antonio Tx 78248 phone number 8303139175 Reply c. matheson says: September 16, 2015 at 10:14 pm Your blog is very comprehensive and informative. I would like to ask about the possibility of false bad reviews. Obviously rumours abound about anything and anyone, but considering the cutthroat nature of this business, for example I have heard from ladies that agency owners, friends and family members of service providers, spread false bad rumours to hurt a service providers reputation. I know for a fact this happens because I use to be a driver of a lady in British Columbia canada. False rumours were spread about her, and luckily for her, she had solid evidence to disprove those rumours. So back to my initial question. Do false bad reviews occur on review boards and if so, how can they be disproven? Reply Sexy Mira says: February 15, 2016 at 12:02 pm Sexy Mira in Dubai for your Massage and Sex Pleasure:+971522196540 (http://nitalanzmassageplace.blogspot.nl/) Reply Kevin says: June 21, 2016 at 9:53 am 438-807-2707. I have been to her place. Very dirty, and she is over weight. She is not even the girl in the picture Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Sugar Babies, Escorts, Twitter Hookups, and MONEY! Reviews Rewritten: Courtnie Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
https://www.divaescort.com/girls/anastacia/|_|+44 79 56 91 86 86 10am - 1am +44 77 96 833 583 10am - 1am Home Gallery Booking Employment Reviews Blog Newsletters Members Area New girls escorts Recommended escorts International from £150 from £200 from £300 DUO Choose gallery Recommended escorts New girls escorts A-level-escorts CIM escorts Russian escorts 30 minutes escorts Petite escorts Couples service Busty escorts Blonde escorts Brunette escorts Role play escorts Mature escorts Domination services Party girls escorts Asian escorts Brazilian escorts International Diva escorts Choose girl by location Aldgate Aldgate East Antibes Baker street Battersea Bayswater Bond street Canary Wharf Cannes Earl's Court Edgware Road Euston Square Euston Station Finchley Road Fullham Broadway Gloucester Road Great Portland Street Green park High Street Kensington Holland Park Hyde Park Corner Imperial Wharf Kensington Kensington Olympia Knightsbridge Lancaster Gate Marble Arch Marylebone Monaco Moscow New York Nice Notting Hill Gate Out-calls Only Outcalls only Oxford Circus Paddington Piccadilly circus Pimlico Queensway Regent's Park Royal Oak Russia Moscow Singapore Sloane Square South Kensington St John's Wood Tower Hill UAE Dubai Victoria Warren Street Warwick Avenue West Brompton West Kensington Choose girl by name Abelia Adah Adelice Adonia Aisana Akkulina Alice Alissia Amandie Blonde Ambria Amelly Blonde Amora Andrada Angelina Angy Anina Annoushka Antoinette Anya Astrid Atalanta Augustine Axelle Bailey Belladonna Blanka Britta Caitlin Calypso Cambria Cara Carlotta Carol Casey Catalonia Catherine Chance Charlize Cissy Clarice Cleopatra Coco Cornelia Danica Darcie Deborah Delilah Delizia Della Delvene Demetria Diana Dita Dolly Dominika Dominique Eda Edith Eleanor Elrica Emilia Emma Blonde Erin Esmeralda Etna Fabiana Felicidad Fergie Flaviana Fleta Francesca Gabeta Galia Garcia Gema Generosa Gigi Giorgia Giovanna Giselle Glenda Glory Goldy Grace Gulara Harmony Harper Brunette Heidi Helen Herleen Hermine Ilaria Iolanda Iona Irma Isabella Iskra Ivory Janetta Jasmine Brunette Jennison Jesey Jessica Jillian Joanna Jocasta Jodelle Johnica Jolene Jolie Juanita Julieta Julya Kalet Kara Karensa Karolyn Katrya Keisha Kelsey Kennedy Kika Killy Kimberlee Kimmy Kristy Ksenya Lacreta Laduree Laduree and Cornelia Latifa Laura Laurette Lavender Lea Lena Lena Moscow Leyda Lien Liliana Lisette Lois Lorraine Luana Lucinda Ludmilla Lulu Mafalda Magara Maggie Makenzie Malika Mallory Malvina Manilla Marcella Maribel Brunette Marina Marissa Markiza Marykeit Marykeit and Madora Marylou Matilda Maxine Maya Mayda Mayra Melisandra Menaka Meredith Michelle Milli Miorita Miracle Miriam Mistress Becca Mistress Janetta Mona Moon Morgan Mylene Myrcella Brazilian Natty Negina Nika Moscow Nikolette Noleta Nurel Olivette Ondria Paige Panna Parker Pascale Peach Pelageya Pepita Pia Pompeya Presley Rhonda Ricki Rikarda Robertina Rochelle Roddy Rona Roney Rosalyn Rosy Roxella Roxy Roya Russo Sarita Scarlet Selena Selena Brunette Selina Shaine Shakira Shannon Shelton Shirley Sibylla Siena Sofina Soledad Sonia Stephanie Sugar Synthia Tala Tami Tasha Taylor Teela Tira Trisha Uma Unity Valeria Valora Vitally Vlasta Whitney Winter Yasia Yasmina Yasmina and Julieta Yummy Zara Zerlina Zulmira Zuza Search Scarlet Previous Next Age 23 Height 5'2" 158cm Breast size 32A (70A) Dress size 6 Hair colour Brunette Nationality Eastern European Language English Orientation Bi Location Edgware Road Nearby Marylebone, Baker street, Paddington Map View on a map Services FK, WS, Uniforms, Role play, Deep throat, COB, CIM, CIF, Bi DUO, Couples, GFE, OWO, Toys, Couples extra 100, DT at her discretion! Uniforms: School girl and secretary All services are provided based on lady's sole discretion Rates time in-call out-call 1 hour 600 600 90 minutes 800 800 2 hours 1000 1000 Overnight 2500 2500 Dinner Date 1400 1400 Overnight is 9 hours long Info To see Scarlet please call us 07796 833 583 or use our Punternet review Punternet review 2   Barely into her twenties, Scarlet is one of our young escorts providing our ever popular girlfriend experience escort service.  Standing just 5 feet 3 inches tall with a tiny size 6 body and perky 32B breasts, Scarlett may look the picture of innocence but this pretty brunette escort knows exactly how to ensure that your date is filled with fun and excitement.   She may be one of our youngest petite escorts but her commitment to providing satisfaction is second to none.  Available throughout the day until 9pm you’d better make sure you book early. Read review for Scarlet Other girls you might like Alice  Antoinette  Ariel IS ON HOLIDAY Atalanta  Fabiana  Harmony  Iskra IS NOT AVAILABLE TILL OCTOBER, 10 Jess IS ON HOLIDAY Jolene  Josefina IS ON HOLIDAY Latifa  Marianna R IS ON HOLIDAY Miracle  Miriam  Pascale  Rosy  Sofina  Twiggy IS ON HOLIDAY LinksBelgium Escort AgenciesBenelux Escort DirectoriesCanadian Escort AgenciesChina Escort AgenciesDating websitesGerman Escort AgenciesIndependent EscortsIndian Escort AgenciesInternational Escort AgenciesInternational Escort DirectoriesInternational Escorts ReviewItalian Escort DirectoriesLink CataloguesLondon Escort AgenciesLondon Escort DirectoriesRussian Escort AgenciesUK Escort AgenciesUK Individual EscortsUSA Escort AgenciesWeb Directories Erotic stories STATEMENT: The rates shown at DivaEscort are for time and companionship only and not for any illegal or immoral act. Any personal conduct of an intimate nature is a matter of agreement between two consenting adults and behind closed doors or a similar private manner or place. We hold no responsibility for the conduct of parties: (a) a visitor of this website who hires an escort via the phone or (b) an escort who have approached DivaEscort or an advertising agent willibg to promote their services. We (DivaEscort) are purely an advertising and handling agency who continually strives to connect two individuals. The two individuals concerned are (a) gentlemen or ladies who contact us with the intention of making a date or appointment with one of escort who advertise themselves on divaescort.com website, and (b) escorts who have agreed to hire our services to promote themselves online or with intention enabling DivaEscort to act as virtual reception to ensure there is a satisfactory or successful date as the result. Therefore we cannot be held responsible or accountable for the actions of the involved parties or for any situation that results during or at any time after the date/appointment/booking and as such the above mentioned parties are responsible for their own actions. This London Escorts Agency cannot be held liable. SENSITIVE CONTENT: Divaescort.com website may contain content of an adult nature. These pages are designed for ADULTS only and may include pictures and materials that some viewers may find offensive. All photo and textual information is provided by escorts. If you are under the age of 18, if such material offends you or if it is illegal to view such material in your community please EXIT now. Sitemap View desktop version We Are On Captain 69  Trusted Escort Agency Reviews
https://www.reddit.com/r/AMA/comments/2241p0/i_used_to_run_an_escort_company_in_the_sf_bay/|_|Server not found Firefox can't find the server at www.reddit.com. Check the address for typing errors such as ww.example.com instead of www.example.com If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer's network connection. If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure that Firefox is permitted to access the Web. Try Again
https://www.slixa.com/|_|Server not found Firefox can't find the server at www.slixa.com. Check the address for typing errors such as ww.example.com instead of www.example.com If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer's network connection. If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure that Firefox is permitted to access the Web. Try Again
https://www.stripperweb.com/forum/showthread.php?143603-escort-board-lingo-why-the-hobbyist-use-and-some-escort-ads|_|Join for FREE! Help Remember Me? What's New? Forum FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Quick Links Forum Rules Blogs Club Reviews Advanced Search Forum Off-topic Discussions Other Work escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Results 1 to 10 of 10 Thread: escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads Thread Tools 08-23-2010, 08:22 PM #1 minniesoporno God/dess Joined Dec 2004 Location Toronto Posts 4,004 Thanks 778 Thanked 3,454 Times in 1,477 Posts My Mood Blog Entries 11 escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads BBBJ Bare Back Blow Job - Blow Job without a condom BDSM Bondage, Submission, Domination, Sadism and Masochism BJTC Blow Job to Completion- Blow Job until you cum BLS Ball licking and sucking BS Brown Shower (she shits on you) BW Body Worship CBJ Covered Blow Job - Blow Job with condom CBT Cock & Ball Torture CIM Cum in Mouth CIMSW Cum in Mouth and Swallows DATY Dining at the Y - Cunnilingus (oral sex on her) DIGITS Vaginal penetration with fingers DFK Deep French kissing - kissing with the tongue DT Dildo Training DOM Domination FF Foot Fetish FS Full Service GFE Girlfriend Experience - should include kissing, MSOG, and CBJ/BBBJ Safe GFE Safe Girlfriend Experience - same as GFE except CBJ, no BBBJ Greek Anal Sex GS Golden Shower (she pisses on you) LK Light kissing MSOG Multiple Shots on Goal - allowed to cum more than once in a session NT Nipple Torture Pearls Ejaculation on her upper breasts PSE Porn Star Experience Rimming Licking of the anal sphincter with the tongue (anilingus) Russian Penis between girls breasts RP Role Play SHILL Someone who writes false and misleading reviews to promote an escort SPK Spanking SM Sadism and Masochism SUB Submission YMMV Your Mileage May Vary  Know anymore terms please add them on ** Internet Marketing Mistress ** www.minnieriley.com | www.thecamgirlexpert.com www.bipolarsexaddict.com Youtube : MinnieOnCam | Minnie Riley Facebook | Instagram | Twitter ** Need to private message me use Facebook ** What Makes You Unique, Can Make You Millions Reply With Quote The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to minniesoporno For This Useful Post: arielbriel,katiesgotcurves 08-24-2010, 05:44 AM #2 malayataylor Banned Joined Jan 2009 Location in your head Posts 3,401 Thanks 1,403 Thanked 803 Times in 500 Posts Re: escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads I think you covered them all pretty much  I too don't understand WHY these terms are used being that sex for money is illegal. I will never understand it and it pisses me off. I don't use any of these terms on my ads or on my site or any profile I have in the dot com world. I just think they're so tacky and ummm I really don't want LE investagating me .. Orange is not really my color. Reply With Quote 08-24-2010, 05:45 AM #3 minniesoporno God/dess Joined Dec 2004 Location Toronto Posts 4,004 Thanks 778 Thanked 3,454 Times in 1,477 Posts My Mood Blog Entries 11 Re: escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads Originally Posted by malayataylor I think you covered them all pretty much  I too don't understand WHY these terms are used being that sex for money is illegal. I will never understand it and it pisses me off. I don't use any of these terms on my ads or on my site or any profile I have in the dot com world. I just think they're so tacky and ummm I really don't want LE investagating me .. Orange is not really my color.  sex for money is illegal in most parts of the USA. its not illegal in Canada  just with Canada they made it complicated where sex for money is legal but all the activities that make you profitable to sell sex for money is not. ** Internet Marketing Mistress ** www.minnieriley.com | www.thecamgirlexpert.com www.bipolarsexaddict.com Youtube : MinnieOnCam | Minnie Riley Facebook | Instagram | Twitter ** Need to private message me use Facebook ** What Makes You Unique, Can Make You Millions Reply With Quote 08-24-2010, 05:58 AM #4 malayataylor Banned Joined Jan 2009 Location in your head Posts 3,401 Thanks 1,403 Thanked 803 Times in 500 Posts Re: escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads Originally Posted by minniesoporno sex for money is illegal in most parts of the USA. its not illegal in Canada  just with Canada they made it complicated where sex for money is legal but all the activities that make you profitable to sell sex for money is not.  I know this. :-)  Very Familiar with Canada's prostitution laws but you never mentioned Canada. (or maybe I read too fast)  Just like in Carson city, NV.. Brothel work is legal just not independent escorting which I think is very stupid. Reply With Quote 08-24-2010, 05:45 PM #5 yoda57us Moderator Joined Nov 2002 Location at the Y Posts 10,062 Thanks 2,878 Thanked 5,795 Times in 2,326 Posts My Mood Re: escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads BBBJTCNQNS Bare-back blow job to completion no quit, not spit  COF Cum on face. Originally Posted by Katrine yoda, I want you so bad it aches in the swimsuit area. Originally Posted by Sophia_Starina Sophia_Starina is a sensible stripper...Naked all the way..... Originally Posted by tempest666 Double team! 2 latinas with big tits!! Reply With Quote 09-03-2010, 10:52 AM #6 malayataylor Banned Joined Jan 2009 Location in your head Posts 3,401 Thanks 1,403 Thanked 803 Times in 500 Posts Re: escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads I think this is all of it.   69: Two people giving each other oral sex simultaneously A-Levels: Anal sex (used primarily in the UK) AC/DC: Bisexual Agency: A company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for multiple escorts. AMP: Asian Massage Parlor Analingus: Stimulation of the anus with the tongue/mouth Around the world: Oral, vaginal, and anal sex in the same session Asian : Analingus Asian Cowgirl: Girl on top, squatting Asian Micro: AMP run out of an apartment instead of being a legitimate business ASP: Adult Service Provider ATF: All time favorite ATM (or A2M): Ass to mouth = penis, toy, finger goes from ass to mouth. Attempts: Trying to orgasm AWO: Anal without a condom B&S: Bait and switch, where the person who shows up is not the same as advertised BB: Bareback (not using a condom) BBBF: Bareback butt fuck BBBJ: Bareback blowjob – blowjob w/o a condom BBBJTC: Bareback BJ to completion BBBJTCCIF(or COF): Bareback BJ to completion and cum in/on her face BBBJTCIM: Bareback BJ to completion in mouth BBBJTCNQNS: Bareback BJ to completion in mouth, no quit, no spit BBBJTCWS: Bareback BJ to completion with swallow BBBJWF: Bareback BJ with facial BBFS: Bareback Full Service (vaginal sex w/o condom) BBW: Big, beautiful woman BCD: Behind closed doors BDSM: Bondage & Discipline, Dominance & Submission, Sado-masochism BFE: Boyfriend experience BJ: Blowjob (oral sex on a male) BLS: Ball licking and sucking Blue Pill (or Little Blue Pill): Viagra (or Cialis or Levitra) Brown Shower: Scat (feces) play Call Girl: Specific type of escort who works for and is dispatched by an agency CBJ: Covered BJ (BL w/ condom) CD: Cross dresser CDS: Covered doggy style CFS: Covered full service (sex w/ a condom) CG: Cowgirl (sex position) CID: Cum in Deep (allowing for uncovered penetration/ejaculation) 1 CIF (or COF): Cum in Face/Cum on Face (Facial) CIM: Cum in mouth CIMWS: Cum in mouth with swallow CL: Craigslist CMD: Carpet matches drapes (pubic hairs matches head hair) COB: Cum on body/Cum on boobs Cover: Condom Cruising: Driving around looking for street-based sex workers Cups of Coffee: Orgasms DAP: Digital anal probe (finger in the butt) DATO: Dining at the O (analingus) DATY: Dining at the Y (cunnilingus) DDE: Does do extras – no sexual contact (refers to private dancers, primarily) DDP: Digital double penetration (finger in the butt and cunt) DDG: Drop dead gorgeous DFK: Deep French kissing Donation: Payment Double(s): Threesome with two providers DP: Double penetration (one in the cunt, one in the ass) DIY: Do it yourself (masturbation) DS: Doggy style (sex position) DSL: Dick sucking lips (pouty, thick lips) DT: Deep throat Escort: Temporary companion for hire Extraball: Have sex multiple times Facial: Cumming on your partner’s face FBSM: Full body sensual massage FIA: Finger in the ass FIV: Finger in the vagina FOB: Fresh off the boat. Refers to an immigrant new to the U.S. (usually Asian) FR: Field review (used primarily in Europe) FS: Full service (BJ + vaginal sex) Get Comfortable: Get completely naked (in prep for sex) GFE: Girlfriend experience. typically DFK, BBBJ, DATY, CFS, & MSOG GFE Lite: GFE with CBJ GFE+ (or ++): GFE w/ extras such as anal, CIM/CIF, etc.) GND: Girl next door (nice looking girl who’s not a “model” type) Greek: Anal sex GS: Golden shower (pee play) GSM: G-spot massage Half and Half (1/2 & 1/2): BJ + vaginal sex Happy Ending: A facilitated release/orgasm via BJ/HJ at the conclusion of a massage Hardwood Floor: Clean shaven/waxed pussy Hat: Condom HDH: High-dollar hottie (expensive escort, generally $500/hr +) HJ: Handjob (manual stimulation of genitals by the escort) HM: High mileage HWP: Height/Weight proportionate Hobbyist: Client who sees escorts as a form of hobby Hooker: Prostitute Incall: Appointment where the client comes to the provider Italian: Cock rubbing between butt cheeks John: Term used for clients, primarily of street-based prostitutes Kitty: Pussy/Vagina LD: Lap dance LDL: Low dollar looker LE: Law enforcement LFK: Light French kissing LT: Long Term (Overnight) LTR: Long-term relationship (escort enjoys regular clients) Mamasan: Female manager of a massage parlor Matinee: Afternoon appointment MILF: Mom I’d like to fuck (30+ generally) Mish: Short for missionary (sex position) Mohawk: Thin rectangular strip of pubic hair MP: Massage parlor MP: Multiple penetrations (all three orifices in combinations) MP: Multiple pops (see MSOG) MSOG: Multiple shots on goal (multiple orgasms for the client) Non-pro: Non-professional provider NQNS: Non-quitter, non-spitter. Provider who’ll complete a BJ and swallow NSA: No strings attached O-Levels: Oral sex (primarily used in the UK) Outcall: Appointment where the provider goes to see the client OWO: Oral without a condom OWOTC: Oral w/o condom to completion P2P: Privates to privates (uncovered rubbing of penis on the vagina w/o penetration) Papasan: Male manager of a massage parlor Party: Term used for session with a brothel prostitute Party Hat: Condom Pearl Necklace: Cumming on her neck, above her boobs, etc. PIV: Penis in vagina PM: Prostate massage PO: Phone operator (for making appointments) PS: Private show (dance) PSE: Porn star experience (aggressive, rough sex w/ CIF/COF, Greek, etc.) PSO: Phone Sex Operator Punter: British term for client PYT: Pretty young thing Raincoat: Condom RC: Reverse cowgirl (sex position) Reverse Massage: Client massages escort Rimming: Analingus ROB: Rip-Off Bitch (escort who steals money w/o service) Roman Shower: Vomit play RPG: Role-playing games Russian: Titty fucking Sandwich: Two girl duo w/ a male client SC: Strip club Self-Service: Client masturbates SOG: Shot on goal (one release) South of the Border: Referring to the genital region SP: Service provider Spanish: Ass-to-mouth oral sex Spinner: Very thin, petite girl Starfish: The anus, or a girl who is unresponsive in bed STD: Sexually transmitted disease SW: Sex worker, or Street walker Teabagging: Man squats down and dips his balls in partner’s mouth TG: Transgender TLC: Tender loving care TLD: Topless lap dance Tossing Salad: Analingus Trip to the Islands: Greek (anal sex) TOFTT: Take one for the team (see a new, non-reviewed provider) TP: Triple penetration (cock in the ass, cunt, and mouth simultaneously) TS: Transsexual TUMA: Tongue up my ass TV: Transvestite Uncovered: Without a condom UTF: Untranslated French (BBBJ) UTR: Under the radar (an escort who doesn’t publicly promote herself) Watersports (W/S): Pee play Without: Without a condom YMMV: Your mileage (experience) may vary Reply With Quote 09-04-2010, 03:20 PM #7 pussyplayground Featured Member Joined May 2010 Posts 773 Thanks 191 Thanked 393 Times in 195 Posts Re: escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads WTF?....lmao are there cam girl acconyms to?  all i know is:  BB = Baby  hahaha Reply With Quote 09-04-2010, 03:29 PM #8 HustletteDiva Veteran Member Joined Feb 2010 Location My Own Paradise Posts 474 Thanks 2,724 Thanked 654 Times in 215 Posts My Mood Re: escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads What about ....  HRU= How are you? YW= Your Welcome NTMU= Nice to Meet You  I see those a lot when I am camming..lol " Be Positive, Patient, and Productive after all we are all Perfect Pretty Princesses" XOXO No Negative Nancy or Drama Queens Please, Thanks xoxo  "I let my haters be my motivators..Now we can settle this like you got some class or we can get into some gangsta shit."   Reply With Quote 09-04-2010, 05:02 PM #9 pussyplayground Featured Member Joined May 2010 Posts 773 Thanks 191 Thanked 393 Times in 195 Posts Re: escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads we soooooooooooooooo thread jacked.....lol whoops! Reply With Quote 09-05-2010, 05:45 PM #10 minniesoporno God/dess Joined Dec 2004 Location Toronto Posts 4,004 Thanks 778 Thanked 3,454 Times in 1,477 Posts My Mood Blog Entries 11 Re: escort board lingo - why the hobbyist use and some escort ads Originally Posted by pussyplayground we soooooooooooooooo thread jacked.....lol whoops!  yes you did ** Internet Marketing Mistress ** www.minnieriley.com | www.thecamgirlexpert.com www.bipolarsexaddict.com Youtube : MinnieOnCam | Minnie Riley Facebook | Instagram | Twitter ** Need to private message me use Facebook ** What Makes You Unique, Can Make You Millions Reply With Quote « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Similar Threads escort- TNA board By kisakim99 in forum Other Work Replies: 3 Last Post: 05-14-2011, 02:45 PM I just got my very first reply to one of my escort ads! ...but... =( By BlkSharpie in forum Other Work Replies: 24 Last Post: 04-15-2011, 09:10 AM I don't understand escort ads... By goddessathena in forum Other Work Replies: 14 Last Post: 07-21-2010, 09:30 AM Escort ads By FemtasticEssence in forum Other Work Replies: 4 Last Post: 03-21-2006, 07:37 PM escort ads in Jobs section By outerspace in forum Other Work Replies: 19 Last Post: 03-16-2004, 07:00 AM Bookmarks Digg del.icio.us StumbleUpon Google Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts   BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On [VIDEO] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Help support Stripper Web by visiting our sponsors:  Click here for more information on becoming a model at MyFreeCams.com -- Classic Pink ---- Modern Pink ---- StripJunkie Blue -- Default Mobile Style -- Default Mobile Style Contact Us Stripper Web Archive Top All times are GMT -7. The time now is 04:45 PM. Site and content Copyright © StripperWeb.com - See Terms of Service for complete details.
