http://cuindependent.com/2010/02/04/confessions-of-an-escort-girl-on-sex-love-and-all-the-naughty-bits-in-between/|_|Friday , 7 October 2016 ABOUT CONTACT US APPLY CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING PARTNERS SOCIAL CU Independent University of Colorado Daily Student News News Politics Student Government Campus Events 4/20 Coverage People of 4/20 – 2014 Academics Community Lifestyle Beyond Boulder Environment Crime Greek Presidential Race 2016 GOP Debate: Boulder “Your money, your vote”: all you need to know What’s going on? CU Boulder on GOP Day GOP debate updates Entertainment Music & Playlists Film – TV Good Eats Sports NCAA Tournament 2016 Men’s Division I Basketball Football Women’s Division I XC -Track – Ski Club sports The Coin Toss Fitness and Wellness The Big Leagues Opinion Columns Ask Alex A Gay in the Life Cannon Fodder Dear Domna Girl on Girl Editorials Our Stance Satire Letters to the Editor Podcasts CU Taboo Tune In Turn Up Tune In Turn Up AMPED Pick Six Keg Tap The Association Luck Be a Lady Visuals People of Boulder Galleries Multimedia Syllabus CUI GRAPEVINE GRADES DATABASE Breaking News Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. Confessions of an escort girl: On sex, love and all the naughty bits in between (CU Independent/Adam Milner) Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. She graduated from CU last year with a degree in psychology and regularly works and volunteers with children. You can find lots of girls like Nikki all over the college town of Boulder. I happened to find her on Craigslist’s Adult Services. “A little sweetness goes a long way,” she wrote on her ad. Her bubbly personality saturated every last detail of her profile, complete with Xs and Os. Nikki has been working in “the industry” on and off since she was 16-years-old. She is now a resource manager working with 4 to 6 girls at a time, selling their “company” for big money all around the Denver area and Boulder. “This is not full time by any means,” she said. When Nikki is not out on her “dates,” she works part-time as a bookkeeper and administrator. As the oldest of six kids, she also strives to set herself as an example by volunteering her time at church and the non-profit she works with. She tells me that she wants to open up her own non-profit for underprivileged kids in single-parent homes someday, or perhaps become a preschool teacher or a youth minister. “I want to be something more than what money can give,” she said. But for right now, she tells me, it’s all about the money. Sex is my business, and business is good Did you know that a girl working part-time as an escort can make just as much, if not more, than prestigious lawyers and doctors? According to Nikki, you can make what you earn in corporate America over two weeks in a single day, just by seeing two guys on a non full-service level. Full-service providers, she explains, sell straight up sexual intercourse, as opposed to non full-service providers, who sell everything but, such as their company for dates. “The most I’ve made in one day was $6,200 between three dates,” Nikki said. “Once one of my girls pulled in $56,000 from just one guy.” For Nikki and her girls, there are no pimps or agencies involved. The hard-earned cash is all theirs. All the girls she works with act as independent contractors who come to her for her resources, guidance and knowledge of the market and industry. “My job is to find the best places and resources for them to get the most out of what we’re marketing,” Nikki said. “The girls and I travel and we choose states where the economy is still steady and growing.” In return for Nikki’s help, they pay her a flat rate to post their services onto Craigslist for each of these areas. They’ve been all over the country including New York, California and even Hawaii. Big bucks, independence and travel? Sign me up, please? What you didn’t know about prostitution “I help men get a better understanding of sex through women,” Nikki said. Nikki said it’s not just about the sex itself, but about anything sexual in general. “I should be a sex therapist,” she joked. I’ve heard before that men who see prostitutes don’t just come for the sex, rather, they also seek all other aspects of female companionship. Speaking with Nikki gave me further insight on the matter. “They also look for uplift and reassurance. Just as human beings, they need it. You need a hug every once in a while, you need to be loved by the opposite sex or feel some kind of compassion,” Nikki said. This girl is all about the uplift, her sunny disposition is infectious and I love it. I’m sure her customers do, too. She also clued me in on all the different tiers of prostitution, ranging from “street walkers” to upscale escort girls. According to Nikki, there is “zero” street work. Colfax used to be prime hooker territory, but hasn’t seen the high level of street work it originally became famous for in years. Now, especially in Boulder, it’s all upscale, behind-closed-doors work. Before I talked to Nikki, I got this impression that prostitutes pretty much gave up every last ounce of their dignity in order to make money, rendering their decision power worthless. However, at least in the upper tiers of prostitution, the girls pretty much have the say on everything, from the guys they choose, what they want to do and how much they’ll be getting paid for it. “I’m picky,” Nikki said. “I just don’t see anyone. If I don’t like the guy, I won’t go through with the date. I’d be sweet and wouldn’t put him down, but I’d wean him to another girl who could better suit him and make him happier.” As far as the sex (or non-sex) goes, each girl decides on her own boundaries. Some don’t even provide full-service at all, rather, they may simply provide their company for dinners and dates. So how much cash is being thrown down for these girls? “It’s however much you want to make it. If they can’t pay that, then they’ll negotiate for whatever else,” she said. “The ball is always on my court.” The freakiest dudes in all the nation Of course, I had to ask Nikki about her strangest requests. She laughed and talked about golden Showers, strap-ons and the like. She did say the freakiest guys she’s ever seen throughout the country are in Boulder. Apparently, the white, older, hippie business guys are the ones to watch out for. “They have the weirdest requests,” Nikki said. “One guy wanted me to… What exactly do you call the opposite of a Golden Shower? I can’t even bring myself to talk about it, let alone do it.” She visibly struggled to find the words. “I can’t shit on anybody, sorry,” Nikki said. “And I won’t, plain and simple.” Word to the wives The majority of Nikki’s customers are married men who have been strictly with their wives for years or who have not had partners who are very sexual or open. “I give them something to go home and love their wives better with,” she said. I was intrigued. Could she convince me that prostitution could actually be conducive for a man’s love for his wife? “It’s men’s nature to want variety. It’s their animal instinct to breed with the most young and desirable women. It goes way back and love has nothing to do with it.” Nikki first explains that sex and love are two completely different things (for men anyway). According to Nikki, the guy has that one girl he loves, the one he marries. However, he also has his sexual needs. “He loves that one girl, but if he’s not getting what he needs or is deprived, he’ll become bitter towards her,” Nikki said. The idea is that once Nikki helps relieve these needs, it allows him to return to the one he is married to and carry on with their relationship, bitterness-free. “They might feel guilty, but it’s in their nature and they really need the sex. If their wives can’t give it to them, they feel badly about it,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that it’s human nature. “I also feel guilty to a certain extent, but really if the woman can’t give a man what he needs, he’ll go out and look for it elsewhere, plain and simple. And that’s where girls like me come in and give it to them,” Nikki said. It’s not purely about sex, though. Nikki said it’s also about the comfort her and her girls can give. “It’s not always physical, though,” she reminds me, “It’s also about uplift and reassurance.” The dichotomy of the “wife and the mistress” came to mind. Does it really all boil down to biological and evolutionary factors? Is this something we’ll all simply have to come to terms with? The good, the bad and the ugly “There really isn’t a least favorite aspect of the job,” Nikki said, “I love it all.” For Nikki, she said the job isn’t just about good pay, she genuinely enjoys it. “It’s like my dating scene. I pick and choose. I love older guys, men of power, well-dressed and charismatic. I’m completely engaged when we have fun and am totally enthralled by it. I wouldn’t do it if I didn’t like it. There’s no shame in what I do, I genuinely love everything I do.” To understand her passion, you also have to understand her philosophy. Nikki said she truly believes in doing what she does to not only bring uplift to her clients, but also to herself and her girls. “Girls might feel belittled, degraded or disrespected if they let themselves. If they put themselves in that position, then they absolutely will feel lesser for what they do,” Nikki said. Nikki said she only wants to be around girls who enjoy the job for what it is. “If at the end of the day you’re going to go home and feel like shit, then I don’t want to be a part of it. You have to genuinely like making the guys feel better,” Nikki said. “Then you feel better. It’s a mutual thing.” However, with the good also comes the bad. “I’ve been robbed, arrested, taken advantage of and hit. It’s all part of the risks. There are no policies and regulations for prostitution. It’s a free-for-all,” she said. There are some security measures they try to enact when they can, but ultimately the security measures can only do so much. “In big cities with all girls and no men, we have security people watching on the outside. But when you’re alone in a room with a guy, it doesn’t matter what kind of security you have. It’s you and him,” she said. Nikki and her girls take precautions and bring mace, switchblades and even take self-defense classes. She tells them that if it comes down to money, they should rather get ripped off than get raped or beaten. “You can replace that money,” Nikki said, “but you can’t replace yourself.” Then with the bad comes the ugly. Nikki revealed to me a darker part of her career. “I’ve been caught for prostitution and I’ve had a police officer come in and take complete advantage of me, and then turn around and arrest me for it,” she said. The experience of having a police officer violate her was one that Nikki won’t forget soon, if ever, she said. “At that point in my life, I would have felt better getting raped and robbed by somebody else, but having a police officer…” She said when the officer took her to court for prostitution she hired a good lawyer and got her case dismissed in court because of the fact that she had been raped. She said the officer didn’t confess, but all the evidence was there and he couldn’t deny it. “But it’s not just him, it’s hundreds of officers taking advantage of girls,” Nikki alleged. Legitimizing prostitution “If I would change anything about my job, it would be to make it legal,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that prostitution is illegal for the simple fact that the government cannot tax it. “I just feel like there’s so much that’s OK and that’s legal that is way worse than this,” she said. “If it’s consensual, the guy wants to do it and the girl wants to do it, who is the government to say it’s not OK?” I can sympathize with her on this. It’s difficult to work and pay tax dollars just to have a police officer rape you, turn around and arrest you for it, and have the law punish you for other acts that have been completely consensual. “It’s absolutely ridiculous that they can’t just let us do what we want, and because they can’t tax it they’re going to set up task forces that cost millions of dollars of tax money to stop something consenting adults want to do together,” Nikki said. Parting our ways Despite everything, Nikki said she has no regrets. “Anything that’s ever happened to me has made me stronger and built character,” she said. It has helped her go forward and teach other girls in the industry to help them realize what it really is, what it can be and what they may get out of it. “I’m here now in my place in the world to help people. No matter if it’s the children in the non-profits that I work for; to the women I hire to work for me. Ultimately the goal is to help them help the world.” When I first met Nikki, I had my doubts and my skepticism about the things she’s said and the things she believes in. Was she really so different from myself in those respects? Through our conversation, I realized that she is just like any other girl who channels her heart and soul into everything she does, including her own career. I got up to shake her hand, but instead she grabbed me and gave me a hug. She was happy, infectiously so, and all she wanted to do was to make others happy, too. At that point, it was hard not to believe in her. Contact CU Independent Staff Writer Natalie Bui at Natalie.bui@colorado.edu. 2010-02-04 CUIndependent Share Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest About CUIndependent The CU Independent or CUI for short is the student newspaper for the University of Colorado at Boulder. We cover News, Sports, Politics, Entertainment, and more. Our mission: to give the students at CU an online publication for students and by students, about the things we care about. Previous KU game sells out Next No smoking zone Check Also Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Political discussion among differing opinions is the only real path to change. By Jackson Barnett 13 comments toast88 February 4, 2010 at 7:16 pm This was one of the most eye-opening and insightful articles I’ve read this year. Definitely one of the most engaging articles on CUI. Simply amazing. Log in to Reply bob February 10, 2010 at 10:16 pm very interesting Log in to Reply ben February 15, 2010 at 8:21 am hi nikki, speak to more. you are just waaaaaw Log in to Reply Nats April 22, 2012 at 4:27 am Nikki is a profound thinker Log in to Reply emoman May 13, 2012 at 9:44 am Wow… This article is such an eye-opener. I did not have even slightest of idea that any girl could understand men so accurately. Nikki understands that sex is something essential for us men..Rarely do women understand that..They think we’re devils if we want physical intimacy.. And she’s absolutely 101% right about one thing – It’s not just about sex. It’s also about uplift, reassurance, aspects other than sex.. being understood is the best luxury anyone can have. . I love girls like Nikki. All the very best Nikki! Log in to Reply Sylvia May 18, 2012 at 9:46 am Absolutely interesting article Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:36 am good good Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:38 am I like You Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:40 am good boy Log in to Reply anon December 5, 2012 at 10:24 am Wow what a bunch of horsesh*t. As the former wife of a married man who frequented the Boulder college escorts I can tell you with absolute certainty that his indiscretions did NOT enhance our marriage or sex life. In fact, quite the opposite. He became increasingly arrogant and abusive, which resulted in him getting caught, getting arrested, and losing everything. As a result of losing his home and family (we have two young daughters together), he tried to kill himself. So, it’s just sad and pathetic to hear some ignorant college girl talk about the benefits she’s providing to families by screwing the husbands. Yeah she’s screwing them, just not in the ways she thinks. Log in to Reply Sydney December 26, 2012 at 1:51 am how can I get into contact with Nikki? Log in to Reply Marlene Damaro March 3, 2013 at 4:54 am Thank you for this uplifting story. From what I read in forums, it seems that many sex workers are getting exploited and only do it for the money. My experience as escort girl has been generally positive. I’m a medical student in Germany and have been doing high-priced escort work for almost 3 years. First 6 months with an agency in Switzerland and then as independent escort in Germany (and occasionally Basel and Ibiza). Prostitution is legal in most European countries. Perhaps I’m lucky that I managed to quickly build a repeat customer business, so I avoid risking negative surprises with first-time clients. My customers treat me well, are well-mannered and well-groomed and quite generous. Two or 3 dates a month are enough to finance my study and lead a comfortable life. Sure, there are downsides like leading a double-life because prostitution is stigmatized and the fear of getting exposed. It certainly is not a job for every girl, but I’m sexually liberal, like to please and be pleased by men, and I enjoy having sex. It makes me feel good when I can make my customers happy, not only by having sex but also by listening, showing understanding and giving warmth. Log in to Reply TruthTeller October 7, 2013 at 8:58 pm Believe me @anon December 5 2012…he didn’t try and kill himself because of the escorts……and if your marriage wasn’t enhanced and you are looking for a reason why then I suggest you find a mirror. Seriously Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Sponsor @The_CUI Tweets by @The_CUI Check it out: Recent Posts Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Check it out:
http://onlineslangdictionary.com/meaning-definition-of/escort|_|The Online Slang Dictionary (American, English, and Urban slang) Login     Register     Forgot password     Resend confirmation Dictionary home New words Random Word list Browse by letter Slang ("urban") thesaurus Submit Home New words Random Word list Browse by letter Slang ("urban") thesaurus Submit Home New words Random Word list By letter Slang ("urban") thesaurus Submit Home New words Random Word list By letter Slang thesaurus Submit Home New words Random Word list By letter Thesaurus Submit Home New Random Word list By letter Thesaurus Submit Home New Random List Letters Thesaurus Submit New Random List Letters Thesaurus Submit New Random List Thesaurus Submit ← Previous - escalatte escort ese - Next → Definition of escort escort     noun a prostitute who doesn't work at a brothel. That guy is a escort. See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on Nov 26 2011. Submitted by T. Martinez from Denver, CO, USA on Feb 26 1999. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap Related words Slang terms with the same meaning Other terms relating to 'prostitution (related to)': hook Definitions include: abbreviated form of "hook up". pro Definitions include: a professional. coke whore Definitions include: a prostitute that gets paid in cocaine. John Definitions include: restroom. punter Definitions include: a customer of a prostitute; "john". lot lizard Definitions include: a prostitute who frequents truck-stop parking lots, looking for customers. girlfriend experience Definitions include: a service offered by some prostitutes, in which they attempt to replicate the experience of being with a girlfriend. date Definitions include: a sexual transaction with a prostitute. dope whore Definitions include: a person who exchanges sex for drugs. ho Definitions include: a prostitute. cathouse Definitions include: a brothel; "whorehouse". hoe stroll Definitions include: a place where prostitutes congregate to meet customers. whore Definitions include: a prostitute. hooker Definitions include: a general insult. working girl Definitions include: a prostitute. (show 12 more) Slang terms with the same root words None. How about some random words? pickup line Definitions include: a canned sentence used to attempt to arouse the interest of a person in order to fuel romance or physical intimacy. noggin Definitions include: the head. trouth mubble Definitions include: "mouth trouble". Dropping Biebers Definitions include: When you defecate little balls of fecal matter instead of one long oprah. curey Definitions include: to mean someone is dirty minded or ''crude'' a-lister Definitions include: a person on the a-list. Sunday dad Definitions include: a father who only sees his children on Sunday, by choice. Lwevola Definitions include: Lwevela means someone who is tall,small and loveable.this is African name and Lwevola was immigrate from Bunyoro-kitara kingdom to Busoga kingdom.he was leader in the village of Bukatambula zone. time of the month Definitions include: a menstrual period. scum Definitions include: a bad person or group. How common is this slang? Don't click the following. I use it (8)   No longer use it (1)   Heard it but never used it (4)   Have never heard it (5)   How vulgar is this slang? Average of 8 votes: 48%  (See the most vulgar words.) Least vulgar     Most vulgar Your vote: None   (To vote, click the pepper. Vote how vulgar the word is – not how mean it is.) JavaScript must be enabled to vote. Least vulgar     Most vulgar Where is this slang used? Logged-in users can add themselves to the map. Login, Register, Login instantly with Facebook. Please turn on IFRAME support to view the map. Link to this slang definition To link to this term in a web page or blog, insert the following. <a href="http://onlineslangdictionary.com/meaning-definition-of/escort">escort</a> To link to this term in a wiki such as Wikipedia, insert the following. [http://onlineslangdictionary.com/meaning-definition-of/escort escort] Some wikis use a different format for links, so be sure to check the documentation. ← Previous - escalatte escort ese - Next → Copyright © 1996 - 2016 by The Online Slang Dictionary. All Rights Reserved.    Terms of Service    Privacy Policy    About    Blog Maintained by Walter Rader ( )
http://scarlettmaison.com/|_|Welcome Meet Scarlett Gallery Reviews Prices Availability Tours For Couples Contact FAQ Scarlett’s blog Welcome Meet Scarlett Gallery Reviews Couples Prices Availability Tours Contact FAQ Blog Hello and welcome to my website. I’m Scarlett Maison, a luxury independent escort located in sunny Brisbane, Australia. I’m a stunning 28 year old Australian lady with silky smooth skin, sparkling blue eyes and long golden hair. I stand 5’ 7″ tall, am a size 8 and have a natural womanly figure. I’d like to invite you to share an unforgettable experience with me at my inner city apartment in Teneriffe or at your hotel. I can be your special treat for a brief, sensual encounter or an indulgent dinner date. However you choose to spend your time with me, I can guarantee it will be memorable. Before contacting me to make a booking please take the time browse my website and read a little more about me and my services and view my current availability. If there is anything else you would like to know please view my FAQ page or don’t hesitate to ask. I look forward to pleasuring you soon, Scarlett x Scarlett's latest tweets Scarlett Maison @Scarlett_Maison I had a blast @elliegoulding live in #Brisbane last night. Her unique voice gives me goosebumps 🎼 13:15, Thu ReplyRetweetFavourite Punter Planet @PunterPlanet Visit @Scarlett_Maison's profile on Punter Planet. Genuine Girlfriend Experience. bit.ly/1mEe2Yc https://t.co/FI… 00:32, ThuRetweeted by Scarlett Maison ReplyRetweetFavourite Scarlett Maison @Scarlett_Maison @Scarlett_Maison New updates to my availability in #Brisbane scarlettmaison.com/availability/ 05:23, WedRetweeted by Scarlett Maison ReplyRetweetFavourite Scarlett Maison @Scarlett_Maison @Scarlett_Maison New updates to my availability in #Brisbane scarlettmaison.com/availability/ 03:30, Wed ReplyRetweetFavourite Scarlett Maison @Scarlett_Maison I'm looking forward to an #aperitivo by the river with the lovely @taylorbensonxox twitter.com/Baralto/status… 03:05, Wed ReplyRetweetFavourite Deposit policy © Scarlett Maison 2011-2016 Adult Content This site contains adult concepts and is not suitable for minors. If you are under the legal age to view such material in your jurisdiction or are offended by such material, please exit the site now. All content and images on this site are subject to copyright and may not be reproduced in any form without the express permission of the owner.
http://www.aampmaps.com/asian-sex-dara-orange-county-ca-2000#review-143920|_|Erotic massage parlor reviews SEARCH: (suggestion korean aamp Los Angeles, incall asian massage Los Angeles) New user Login Any State AlabamaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDCFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming HOME LOGIN SIGN UP SEARCH ADVANCED SEARCH FORUM BLOG EROTIC MASSAGE PARLORS ESCORTS Aampmaps » Asian Apartment Massage parlors Orange County CA » Dara Other Providers Orange County AAMPs: Yoko EM Yoome Amy Princess Isis Jeni Cindy Darling Hannah Kami Nicole Nadia Bc spa Kami Mandy Liveitupxoxo Jennifer Meleny Joy Peebe All Orange County AAMPs -Select- Ada Adel Ai Airin Akikko / Reikko Amy Amy Amy Amy Amy Star Angel Angelia Angelina Angie Angie Love Anna Annabelle Annie Jones Apple Asian Royal Ayumi Bc spa Bebe Nuru Massage Beka Berky Bianca Blue / Jessie Boa Bobbi Bora Bri Candy Cathy Celine Celine Chanel China Choco Choi Christy Cici Cindy Cindy Clara Crystal Daisy Daisy Dara Thai Darla Darling Dia Dia Diana Dina Donna Ella Elle Ellie EM Emily Emily Emma Emma K Estee Evelyn / Koko Evie Fendi Fendi Fiona Gemma Gemma / Cherie / Sapphire Gigi Gina Gina Gyuri Hana Hana Hanna Hannah Hannah Hannah Happy Haylee Heri Holly Honey & JoAnn Hoya / Hailey Ina Kim Ivy Ivy Ivy K Jade Jade Hsu Jade Hsu Janna Jasmine Jasmine Jay Jeni Jennifer Jennifer Jesse Jessica Jessica Jiany Joanna Jolie JoNa Joy Joy Joy Judi Judy Judy Julie June June / Calli / Tini / Flora / Veronika / Morn / Dunhill Kai K Kami Kami Kami Kana Karla Kasey Kasija Kate Kate Kate Katey K / Cookie / Miho Kay kayla Kaylee Kelly Kenji K Kerry Kiki Kim Kim Kimi Kimiko Kimmy Kira Kiwi Kiwi Kiwi Koji Kristal Kristal / Angie Kristina Sweets Kristy Krystal Kylie Lacey Lacey Lala Lana Lana Love Lara Lara Laura Lena Lily Lily Lily Lily Lina Lina Linda Liveitupxoxo Lucky Song Lucy Lucy Li Lynn Magic MaiThai Mandy Mari May Mayumi Mei Mei Melanie Meleny Mi Michelle Miki Miki Miko Miko Milk Mimi Mimi Mimi MiMi Mina Mindy Mischa Misty Miyo MJ Molly Momo Mona Monica Morgan Mya MyLee Nadia Nana Nana Nanako Nancy Nao Neko Nelly Nena Nia Nicki Nicole Nicole Nina Nina Nina Olivia Olivia Paula Peebe Perla Perry Perry / Anna Petite Pinay Pia Pink Pippa / Princess Joanna / Cindy / Zohie Princess Isis Princess Ruby Princess Sara Princess Sky Princess Tammy Rabbit Rachel Rachel Ranko Raychel Raychel aka Chanel Reiko Rita Rita Rita Rori Rosebee Ruby Ruby Sabrina Sally Sammi Sammy Sandra Sandy Sara Sasha Se7en Seda Seda Seeya Seo-Yun Sera Shasha Shasha Siena Sira /Na Na Sky Sora Stacy Star Summer sunny Sunny Sunny Sweety Tala Pinay Tami Tammy Tara Tara Tiffany Tiffany K / Jackie Tina Tina Tina tinaLOVE Tory Tory Vanessa Via Vicky Vicky/ Tsu-Tsu Vina Vivi Vivian Vivian K / Sisley / Daisy Wendy Wicky Wynn Yen Yoco / Eno Yoko Yoome Yoon yorisa Young Mona Yoyo Yui Yuki Yumiko Yuna Yuna Yuri Zelda Newest Forum Posts 411 on new East Bay talent? Pics look real Backpage Bust Transposing the Oct. 4, 2016 blog post to here -- Thoughts Anyone?? 411 on this this org\'s number 650-921-6955 New White Girls on Cityvibe Newest Blog Posts From a Newbie One Pop? Two Pop? To BBFS or not to BBFS Is Doumi culture in Los Angeles Koreatown dying? GFE or PSE Which is your Fave? Newest Blog Comments To BBFS or not to BBFS To BB or not to BB. That is the question and ther... One Pop? Two Pop? The ceremonial dixie cup of Blue or Green mouthwas... One Pop? Two Pop? WTF is blue/green toast?!... To BBFS or not to BBFS @wupoer: I don't like that everybody incorrectly c... To BBFS or not to BBFS The risk of transmission of HIV from a woman to a ... Dara in Orange County, California Distance to this aamp: 33.6 mi 11 reviews City / State: Orange County, California Phone Number: 714-274-3332 REPORT (xxx-xxx-xxxx) Save Cancel LEAVE A REVIEW ADD TO FAVORITES Ethnicity Asian Age 26 - 30 Weight 100lbs-110bs Height 5'3" - 5'5" Hair Color Black Hair Length Below shoulders Kitty Shaved Best Way to Contact Unknown Hours of operation 10am-10pm Available Incall & Outcall Breast Cup C Breast Implants Yes 30 min Unknown 45 min Unknown 60 min $260 90 min Unknown   4 photo(s) About me Thai Angels offers you a unique and highly erotic experience ...As a prelude your Thai masseuse gives you a full body massage using a deep seaweed gel that is colorless, odorless , and extremely slippery you also get to view her from every angle ..And this is just the beginning of your ultimate erotic experience....! Looking forward to hear from you! Thai Angels looking forward to hear from you.. Thai Angels your unique and highly erotic experience.... Massage parlor reviews (11) Comments Order: Review Date Provider Name hecklerkoch #153592 06.30 2016 2 harrymckenzie #148256 12.18 2015 1 dascorpion #148069 12.12 2015 2 jjolivett #146034 10.08 2015 1 limb1212 #144970 03.02 2015 3 gbannana #144936 02.17 2015 5 gaaser #144163 12.12 2014 4 margrave #143928 10.25 2014 2 dondon22 #143920 10.15 2014 5 October 2014 Afternoon √ Text/SMS $260 X √ X √ Yes - Nude CFS Yes - With condom Yes - Spits it out Yes - On the Inside √ Yes - Without Tongue X √ X X So this was my first time using an AAMP. Really nice to be able to relax unlike the standard AMPs. I wasn't sure what to expect especially since this site is so new, nobody has more than a few reviews, and i have read the complaints about bad info. let me assure you that Dara is legit. I normally prefer tiny little spinners. Dara is not a spinner, but she is attractive and in shape for sure. I think the pics of her are pretty accurate. the screening process (which was all new to me) wasn't really difficult, but took a bit of time. honestly that made me a little more comfortable. went to the location. it was nice and felt safe Dara was really friendly when i first walked in and she made me feel relaxed and comfortable. She smiled and laughed which i always appreciate. lead me to the room and asked me to undress. As i did i left the donation on the table. I had showered already but i didn't mind getting scrubbed down again. she cleaned me up dried me off and lead me into the other room. Laid face down and she gave me a decent massage for 5-10 minutes. we chit chatted a bit, but it was mostly quiet. she rubbed her body on mine. that was nice. she does have pretty large breasts which seemed natural to me. flipped me over and continued. worked her way down kissing and licking my body. She did a pretty good job where it counted. Small asian girl with small mouth, it felt good so maybe she is an over achiever. but as it was i would say above average. Now, being a newbie to the AAMP i didn't really know the rules about MSOG. Coming from the AMP world its a 50/50 thing.. one and done. so i was kind of holding out. She amped it up and i just relaxed and let it go. ….. I say something stupid like "perfect" … she laughs and then exits stage left. back from the bathroom and she start massaging the front side. wasn't sure if she was just massaging out the time or waiting for me to rally, but she made it clear that i should rest and get ready for round 2. Sweet Funny, but thats probably the first time i a long time that i have had that opportunity. Now I'm a little nervous to perform. Fuck she takes her time and i am slowly starting to rally, before she goes down on me again, i have her grab the headboard and slide up so that i can DATY. It was nice. smooth and tasty. I never know if they are acting or not, but it feels good when they squeal and shake none the less. Now i am clearly ready to go. She requests me on top, which i am happy to do. we shift around a few different positions. she talks dirty to me. and that was all she wrote. almost couldn't get up afterward… in a good way Really good experience she is sweet and dirty and accommodating showered again and left funny side note- I did notice a tube of K-Y in a cup next to the toothpaste and toothbrush. made me laugh. anyway i would definitely go back. Although i am still looking for that spinner. any recommendations? Rate massage parlor review: Informative (1) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) comments: muffdiver2014: 10.17 2014 Yeah, they need that KY for guys that don't turn them on or know what they are doing. Nice review, she sounds amazing dondon22: 10.17 2014 Yeah greet experience. I'm almost nervous that I will be disappointed when I try a different provider, but I guess that is part of the fun. Mama said life is like a box of chocolates avguy: 10.17 2014 Great review...I to did AMP but not cool...been looking at Dara to break me into the AAMPS :-) margrave: 10.21 2014 About how long was the screening process? dondon22: 10.22 2014 Well it took a couple days but I wasn't in a rush. If you have what they want I imagine it would take less time. I'm not a 9-5 guy so it was a little more complicated I think. hanzaa #143669 09.16 2014 1 September 2014 Morning √ Text/SMS $250 √ √ ? √ Yes - Privates/privates CFS Yes - Without condom Yes - Spits it out Yes - On the Outside √ Yes - With Tongue ? √ ? X very nice apt complex. i had no problems setting this one up since I had already had their other lovely girl Melanie a couple of weeks ago. texted the PO and they get back to me almost immediately with an opening at 11:15am for the hr. that's the thing I REALLY like about their PO's...they get back really quickly and will set something up quickly...unlike another provider I tried earlier in the AM! So Met Dara at the same place I met Melanie...just the opposite side. She opened the door and gave me a big hug and spoke really good English. she took me to the bedroom, had me strip and got the shower ready for me. she stepped in before me, got it warm, had me come in, then proceeded to clean me really well...even giving me a little shoulder massage while at it. gave me a little tug of the jimmy while cleaning him and she rubbed and cleaned my asshole a lot. on exit she gave me the mouthwash and then dried me off with a towel while I stood in the bedroom in my birthday suit, cock sticking out at her face. she asked for the donation, I hand it to her and she steps out...probably to count it? she comes back in, has me lay on my back on the bed, climbs up sultrily and starts a dry nuru rub on me. her boobs are big and fake but felt soft and real, not rock hard like others I've felt...who knows maybe they were actually real. she does a bit of russian on me and gets my johnson hard. she then goes down and proceeds to lick and suck the sack and alternates between that and BBBJ. she works it hard and is moaning as she's blowing me and murmuring something I cant make out. and low and behold after about 5 minutes she did something to me that's NEVER EVER been done before...she gets me to blow my load in her mouth purely from BBBJ, no fucking at all. I was BLOWN away figuratively and literally cuz I've never gotten off from a BJ before. Dara rocked it and rocked it hard! She giggles, steps away into the bathroom, spits out my love juice and I hear her gargle some more. she returns and has me lay on my tummy and then starts a nude massage. she does a pretty darn good job as she almost cracked my back...if she did that then I wouldve donated more. but all in all this was the best massage I've had from any provider. she then tickles me up and down and rubs her soft boobs all over my body. massage lasts for about 10 minutes and then she has me flip back over again. she does more boob to body rubbing and my dick gets hard again. she asks if I'm ready for Rd 2 and I dont know if I said anything or if my shit-grin face told her everything she needed to know. she went back downtown for more BBBJ and sack lickin. this time I dont allow her to get me to CIM again. instead I pull her up to my face and have her sit on my face for DATY. she writhes and moans and her legs tremble as I lick her clit and lap the slot. I woulda rimmed her except she was sitting on my face so I couldnt get my tongue far enough south. after a while of this her left leg gives out and she gets off my face for a bit more BBBJ before the Hat comes on. she gets on all fours, faces the mirror and asks me to enter from behind. I enter her in one smooth motion and we fuck like wild dogs in this position for a while. I reach around her with one hand and rub her clit while I continue to pound her. she's moaning and saying something that I couldnt make out cuz I was too in to it. I looked at the mirror and it reminded me of the scene in American Psycho...me pounding a hot chick in K9. I pull out so I dont blow my load too soon and have her do CG. she sits on my cock and rides hard and rubs hard. i like it when a girl is on top and she actually bounces up and down on my cock instead of only grinding...and she does this for a while, too. she's working up a sweat now as I can feel her moist back and tits. we then switch to Mish with her legs up over my arms and we fuck hard, me doing the full length fuck pulling almost all the way out and then slammin it back in. she moans more and tells me she's coming. I keep at it. then I put her legs down but still spread and I lay myself down on her and continue fucking and grinding. more moans and murmurs ensue. I take her legs back up over my arms and go for broke and slam her fast and hard, but never to the point of trying to hurt her. I explode another load in her pussy in the Hat. she grabs a tissue and helps me pull out cleanly. she goes to the bathroom and grabs a wet warm towel and comes back and cleans my abs and cock. we chat for a little bit. she says she was afraid she was gonna break me cuz she said my waist is smaller than hers cuz I work out a bit to stay in shape...and no my waist is not smaller than hers! I tell her next time to fuck me even harder and we giggle. she helps put my clothes and shoes on, gives me a bottle of water and we chat a little more. she says there's a new girl starting the next day and if I want I can try double next time which also includes double pop, pop any way I want on any girl I want. I leave an extra $20 on the table for her. she walks me out to the door, hugs me, kisses me, and I'm on my way to a blissful day! her BBBJ was AWESOME! cant say enough of how active she was to get me to blow my load in her mouth! and like I said earlier this has NEVER EVER happened to me before so KUDOS to Dara! Rate massage parlor review: Informative (1) Interesting (1) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) comments: gbannana: 09.17 2014 Great review. Another highly satisfied AAMP customer! xmul22 #143572 09.09 2014 2 December 2013 Afternoon √ Text/SMS $180 √ √ ? √ Yes - Privates/privates CFS Yes - Without condom ? Yes - On the Inside √ Yes - With Tongue X ? ? ? New site, old review. Mind you that Dara had a $180/hour special going at that time. I see her available for $200 specials. Pictures are accurate, but heavily touched up. 5'2", not too thin, but not thick, tiny and sexy little Thai girl with decent English. She also looks young, like 21-25, compared to the other Thai Angels who look 25+. Not overly tatted, which is a plus in my book. The profile mentions breasts implants, but I didn't believe they were. Awesomely round, soft 34-36 DS that adhered to the laws of gravity, slightly, but by no means defying them. I'm not a fan of gravity-defying bolt-ons. Her attitude was super friendly and sexy. She was instantly comfortable and chatty with me, which made me feel comfortable. We pretty much got right down to business after showering together. DFK/LFK, down to BBBJ, then continued on the bed. She is very responsive and caters to my requests: Mish, DATY, CG, Doggie. I generally don't pop (insensitive to covers), but she was apologetic though it wasn't her fault. I finished in her hands while we were kissing. We jumped in the shower again and she scrubbed me clean. A naked hug, then a clothed hug before I left. An uncrushed, friendly attitude made it for a true GFE experience. I'm a fan of Thai Angels/Dreams, and while all their girls are awesome, I would have to say Dara is the one I would repeat (after I sample all of them!) Rate massage parlor review: Informative (0) Interesting (0) Hilarious (0) Not Good (0) Fake (0) comments: posterk: 09.09 2014 Sounds like a session that would take place in Thailand. These Thai ladies are something else. Wow, man you're making me wanting to renew my passport haha. hanzaa: 09.16 2014 I had Dara and I agree that she was awesome. you gotta try Melanie...I think physically Melanie looks better than Dara but Dara did something to me that has never happened before...read my review of her when it posts. ThaiAngels is great and a new girl just started today or yesterday and their PO gets back to you quickly.   © Aampmaps.com 2016 - Asian Apartment Massage Parlors Directory | Full Version ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions or leave website
http://www.answers.com/Q/What_is_COB_in_sex_slang|_|Go Log In Sign Up entertainment tech lifestyle food health politics money sports interviews All Sections Careers WikiAnswers® Categories Literature & Language Languages and Cultures English Language Literary Devices and Figures of Speech Acronyms & Abbreviations What would you like to do? Flag Share In Acronyms & Abbreviations What is COB in sex slang? What is COB in sex slang? SAVE CANCEL already exists. Would you like to merge this question into it? MERGE CANCEL already exists as an alternate of this question. Would you like to make it the primary and merge this question into it? MERGE CANCEL exists and is an alternate of . Merge this question into Split and merge into it SAVE CANCEL Edit Answer by Awenecrysis Confidence votes 4.8K C*m On Body C*m On Body Minor edit? Save Cancel Augusto Serrato + 29 others found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Thanks for the feedback! Follow Kimiko Glenn Q&A Actress: Star of Netflix's "Orange is the New Black" How are you similar or different to Brook Soso? View Full Interview What would you like to do? Flag Bob Simon 38,510 Contributions Answered In Animal Life What is a cob bird?   A male swan is called a cob and a female swan is a pen. 6 people found this useful Edit Share to: Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Thanks for the feedback! What would you like to do? Flag Suzzi Q 120,642 Contributions Retired with years of experience with Food, FDA and internet surfing. Answered In Food Spoilage Should corn on the cob be refrigerated? Freshly picked corn-on-the-cob keeps better refrigerated. The cooler temperature keeps the sugars as sugars and slows decomposition. Warmer temperatures allows the sugars to c…hange to starch. (MORE) Umesh Patel + 56 others found this useful What would you like to do? Flag Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. Answered In Food & Cooking How long do you grill corn on the cob?   depends on how hot the grill is and if you grill the corn on the cob then leave it in it's husk, this will allow the water vapor to stay inside, and they will have to be… almost constantly turned like every 2 minutes(this is not an exact science if you think it should be turned sooner by all mans do so before that corn starts to pop). If they start making popcorn then you've grilled it for too long. Jokes aside it can take 15-30 minutes pending the amount of corn, you will have to check one of the cobs if it is finished after about 15 minutes if some of the kernels have gotten a little singed it's okay, they are a little caramelized, but still tasty. Good Luck (MORE) 36 people found this useful Earnest Strews Tree 101: How and When to Transplant a Tree Do you want to plant a row of pine trees as a wind break, or just move or add a tree to your landscape? Planning how and when to transplant a tree from one spot in the yard to… another doesn't have to be too difficult. (MORE) Earnest Strews Treatment for Inverse Psoriasis in Adults Do you suffer from painful skin lesions in your armpits, under your breasts, around your groin or other areas of your body where skin folds against skin?… (MORE) Earnest Strews Benefits of a Working With a Financial Advisor Before Age 30 With the financial industry having such a questionable reputation, it's easy for people under 30 to ignore advice from financial advisors. You might assume that these advisors… are just trying to fill their own pockets. However, millions of people count on these professionals to help them gain financial freedom. Many (MORE) Earnest Strews Stocks 101: Learn Stock Market Basics The stock market is one of the more intimidating subjects in all of personal finance. You may want to get into the stock market, but are hesitant because you don't understand …the basics. Review these basics to get into the stock market with confidence. (MORE) Earnest Strews Insect Guide: What do Termites Look Like? There are over 2,500 types of termites worldwide that cause billions of dollars of damage each year. While you probably do not need to know what exotic Asian termites look lik…e, you should definitely learn to identify the ones that might be creeping in your own backyard. (MORE) Earnest Strews A Pill Bug's Place in the Ecosystem Neither pretty nor found in pretty places, pill bugs often provoke screams of disgust when they turn up under something unexpectedly. Yet these odd-looking creatures occupy a …significant place in the ecosystem. How do pill bugs help make the world go? Look at the damp little things with a renewed (MORE) What would you like to do? Flag Kent Wagoner 15,581 Contributions Answered In Food & Cooking How much fiber is there in corn on the cob? There is about three grams of dietary fiber in one medium ear of yellow sweet corn. See the related link below for other nutrition facts about sweet corn. 34 people found this useful Edit Share to: Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Thanks for the feedback! What would you like to do? Flag Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. Answered In Storage of Fruits and Vegetables How to store corn on the cob in the refrigerator?   Corn should be cooked and eaten soon after picking for the best taste. As fresh corn ages it loses it´s sweet taste, it´s nutrients, and it becomes starchy, tough and …rather tasteless. After buying, wrap unhusked ears in a plastic bag and refrigerate until preparation time. Do not remove husks before storing fresh corn....The husks help retain freshness. (MORE) Winnie Higdon + 44 others found this useful What would you like to do? Flag Evelyn F Ireland 91 Contributions Answered In Computer Programming What is a COB transaction? Answer   A transaction which is posted at the Close Of Business for that day.   "CoB" might be used on an informal basis to mean Close of Business but, in health and d…ental insurance, COB refers to Coordination of Benefits.   Coordination of Benefits occurs when a person has coverage through two or more policies. This happens most often when two spouses have coverage provided by their employers. COB is regulated by state insurance law when the policy is through a licensed insurer. This is important because large employers often have plans that are provided under the terms of a federal law, ERISA, which allows them to set their own terms. These employer-sponsored ERISA plans, don't follow COB.   Under COB laws the state determines which insurer pays 1st, and which pays 2nd. The insurance policy and contracts with the doctor/dentist determine what is paid. The law provides that the patient or his/her doctor/dentist will be paid up to the total charge--not more than 100%. (MORE) 1 person found this useful Experts you should follow Giuseppe Macario Entrepreneur, researcher, author and computer programmer from Rome, Italy. Winner of several international contests. Follow David Hodge Managing Editor of Guitar Noise Follow Log in or Sign Up to follow. Aaron McClellan Supervisor Acronyms & Abbreviations 8 CONTRIBUTIONS Human Resources guy for Answers VIEW BIO HIDE BIO Categories you should follow Cars & Vehicles Follow Home & Garden Follow Travel & Places Follow WikiAnswers Local Follow Log in or Sign Up to follow categories. Brands You Should Follow Air Canada Follow LG Follow MSN Follow TiVo Follow Log in or Sign Up to follow brands. Answer these What is 24K Magic by Bruno Mars about? In: Bruno Mars Answer it! What did the western trails map cross? In: Cattle Drives and Trails Answer it! What would you like to do? Flag I.AM 515 Contributions Answered In Miscellaneous What does hotter than a cob mean? Cob is an ancient European masonry heater - often weighing tons. Hotter than a cob means the same as hotter than a heater. 3 people found this useful Edit Share to: Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Thanks for the feedback! What would you like to do? Flag TSD -RAVEN- 22,968 Contributions Answered Most Recently In US Navy Who is navy cob? COB stands for "Chief of the Boat", and is the senior enlisted member aboard an active commissioned submarine in the U.S. Navy, regardless of rank. The position aboard a sub…marine is equivalent to a ship or shore Command Master Chief; however, the COB can be a Senior Chief (or a Chief in rare circumstances). Typically if the COB is not a Master Chief, he is very close to becoming one, or at least has many years at the Senior Chief position. (MORE) 1 person found this useful next Categories English Language Languages and Cultures Literary Devices and Figures of Speech Literature & Language Home New questions Recent site activity Random question Promoted questions Community forums Advanced search Top contributors Q&A categories © 2016 Answers About Contact Us Help Center Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Consumer Choice IP Issues Disclaimer Write Articles Directory Choose a video to embed Cancel Embed
http://www.beginnerescortguide.com/how-to-find-an-escort/|_|Overview Find An Escort The Cost How To Call An Escort Prep For Your Escort How To Date Your Escort Never Get Busted By Cops About JJ JJ0 Comments How To Find An Escort Many people think that finding an escort and having sex with her is as easy as calling her, giving her the money, and then getting laid. But newbies who decide to find and date an escort realize there are some unanticipated pitfalls and landmines with escorts. Some of the things they start to realize: Your challenge with escorts is to avoid the pitfalls. I have the best answers and solutions. What if she is a cop? Can I get arrested? What if she robs me or her pimp beats me up? Why is she asking me for my employment information? Why do I get hung up on? When do I give her the money? When these thoughts start to enter your mind, you realize that the world of escorts is more complicated than you originally thought. Well, I’m here to demystify this world and help you find an escort who will satisfy your sexual fantasies and needs. There are five simple steps to dating an escort: Finding a good escort Preparing to call her Calling her Preparing for your date Dating her ***Btw, if you have a specific question or issue, email me at “jj@beginnerescortguide.com and I’ll try to answer it as soon as I can***   Step 1 – Find an escort who you are attracted to AND who is a good provider Finding the “RIGHT” escort for you at the outset is the most important step of the process This step is the most important in the process. Selecting a good escort will make the remaining steps a lot easier. Obviously, selecting a bad escort will make the following steps hell, and perhaps unrecoverable. Click here for an in-depth, detailed explanation on how to find an escort. But here are the basics. You must first look at where escorts advertise. The largest sites are: Backpage.com CityVibe.com Eros.com There could be smaller regional sites in your area (and they are good resources if they exist), but the larger sites are a good place to start. When looking at the postings, you’ll quickly find escorts who you are attracted to. But you also want to look out for possible scam escorts. Here are some warning signs to look for: If her picture is “too good to be true”, she probably is, but not always. Good research will reveal the truth. Studio pictures – this sometimes (not always) indicates that it could be a bait and switch, where the picture is not really her Multiple listings – if her listing exist in multiple cities, this could indicate a scam If you are still concerned about your selection, here is an advanced strategy for verifying if she is a good escort or not .   Step 2: Get prepared for your call I cannot stress this enough: the purpose of the call is to set your appointment, nothing else. A common newbie mistake is asking her questions about different sex acts during your phone call. This is a huge no-no. And if she is an undercover cop, you’re heading down an easy road of getting arrested. For the quick, professional advise on how to NEVER get arrested, click here.   Before calling the escort, you’ll want to get three things ready: Research Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment References   Research Proper research is essential not just to protect yourself and to get the woman you want, but also to secure a date with her too. Not being prepared will jeopardize your changes with her (and most escorts). Research as much as you can about your chosen woman. Most good escorts will have a website with general information and answers to commonly asked questions. With her ad, along with her website, you should find most of your questioned answered. If you want to take an advanced approach, check with review sites for reviews of her from your fellow hobbyists. There many review sites out there, but one specific site is better than the rest. Click here for a video on exactly how I used this review sites to find an escort.   Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment You should know the when and where of your preferred appointment, and a few alternate times if your first choice is not available. The more open your schedule is, the more likely it is that you’ll get an appointment. Also, time is one of the elements determines the cost of the appointment. The average date is 1 hour, although spending an evening with each other is typically very enjoyable with higher end escorts. The other two elements that determines cost is how beautiful she is and the “level of service” she provides. If you want more detailed knowledge, download my “Expected Cost Guide”. I also give a video explanation of the various cost of escort donation fees. Download it here.     References Being prepared to get verified is one of the key things to getting an appointment. But if you are a newbie with no references, this can be a challenge. But there are ways to overcome it. This is one that tends to throw off newbies. When an escort asks for references, they are looking for one (or two) of these three things: 1) two escorts that you’ve seen in past, 2) employment information, or 3) verification credentials. Obviously if you are a newbie, you will not have two escort references. That means you’re down to either employment information, or verification credentials. The reason why escorts will screen you is because they want to make sure you are not a serial killer or psycho. Verification is one method women will use to protect themselves. Click here for detailed advice on escort verification sites.   Step 3: Making the call Being calm, cool, confident, and collected is my #1 tip and strategy when calling an escort. When calling her, treat her like one of your buddies, but keep your call short. If you’d like to see a video on how a gentleman called an escort, click here. Calling an escort is where the rubber hits the road. Again, I cannot stress enough, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment, nothing else. If you’ve prepared yourself enough, this should be quite simple. Call her, get the appointment, and get off the phone. My best recommendation for this is to treat her as if she was one of your friends or buddies. Use a calm, casual, confident voice. Then get the appointment and get off the phone. Try to make the phone call reasonably short. Do not try to engage her into a conversation, and do not ask her questions that you should already know the answer to. Check out this video on how a gentleman called an escort. He did some things right, but also made some mistakes. Click here to watch the video. Two-Call System The two-call system applies to incall situations (you are going to her). Most escorts will not give you their exact location in your first phone call. Rather, they will give you an approximate location, like major cross streets. When you get close to their location, you call them again stating that you are arriving, and this is typically where they give you their exact location. Sometimes, it may be even a three-call system. In your second call, she may give you the hotel she is staying at, but she may not give you her room number until you actually arrive. Accept the information she gives you in the initial phone calls. Do not force her to give an exact location. Doing so could cause her to cancel the appointment. Remember, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment. In this video, I will show you how this gentleman called an escort. I will also share with you some mistakes he made so you can avoid them when calling an escort. Click here to watch the video.   Step 4: Prepare for your date Preparation is slightly different depending on whether your date with the escort is an incall or an outcall. Incall is less work than outcall because in outcall, you are the host. I will cover incall first.   Incall Preparation Fresh breath and a clean body is an absolute must! Brush your teeth, use mouthwash, and take a shower. Having good hygiene will get you maximum mileage with her! The most important thing you should do when preparing yourself for your date is to have great hygiene. Take a shower before you go to your date. Brush your teeth and use mouthwash. Smelling good and having fresh breath is not only considerate, but will also get you the most mileage from your escort, now and in the future. Next, make sure you have good directions and you know where you are going. Leave yourself plenty of time to get to your appointment. You will want to arrive 10-15 minutes early. Outcall Preparation Hygiene is still the most important. I covered it in the incall preparation, and it’s exactly the same here. However, also you are the host, so you’ll want to have a few things for your escort guest. First, tidy up the room, making sure it is clean and not cluttered. This should be no problem if you just checked in or if room service recently cleaned. Leave a fresh towel and toiletries for your escort guest, making sure these toiletries are unused and unopen. Lastly, offer some refreshments. You can go as fancy as you want, but simply having bottled water on ice is more than enough to be a good host.   Step 5: The date   The date is the easiest part. But there are two areas where newbies make mistakes. Never talk about the money. Never ever. Place the “donation” in a blank envelope and place it where she can easily see it. One of these areas is the donation. Place your donation for her in a blank envelope, and set it in an inconspicuous spot. The two best places are either the bathroom counter, or on top of a desk or dresser. Be sure to make it easy for the escort to spot. You do not want to hand the money to her directly! The reason for this is the money is intended as a donation for her time. Handing the money to her could legally interpreted as money in exchange for a sex act. Click here for more information on “is prostitution legal and is escorting legal?”. Now, on getting things started. The escort will know that you are nervous, so usually she will strip an article of clothing first. I suggest using the mirror technique. When she takes an article of clothing off, you take off that same article of clothing off. Soon you’ll find yourself having the time of your life, and next time, you won’t be a newbie any longer.   Conclusion I hope you got some great information from my article. The next step is to learn the most common mistakes most men make when finding, calling, and going on an appointment with an escort. Avoiding these mistakes will go a long way to your personal safety, your success, and your experience with an escort. You may have instant access to my “Avoid the 10 Mistakes Most Men Make with Escorts”. Click here to download it instantly. Good luck with your endeavor with escorts! It’s a great life to have the ability to spend time with beautiful women who really know how to treat a man. And if you have any questions that I may be able to help you with, email me at jj@beginnerescortguide.com.   Search for: Copyright © 2016 · BeginnerEscortGuide.com · All Rights Reserved - We take your privacy very seriously. Disclaimer: Results will vary, and you should not use this information as a substitute for help from a licensed professional. Good luck! By entering, you agree to our terms and conditions. By entering your email address you are also requesting and agreeing to subscribe to our email newsletter. You must be 18 or older to enter. You can read our FTC Disclosure Statement. If you need to contact support, please go to the Contact Us link below. Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us
http://www.bluelight.org/vb/archive/index.php/t-613292.html|_|Bluelight > Community > Sex, Love and Relationships > Escort services PDA View Full Version : Escort services Janja 04-03-2012, 01:55 Hi. You don't need to know my name but I am 24 and am still a virgin. I want to have sex with a women. I considering saving up and purchasing an escort to lose my virginity. I just have general questions on escort services and any information that you may have would be very helpful. Thank you. I don't want a strip dance or anything like that, I want to penetrate (with condom whatever) and the only requirement I have is a relatively clean-looking girl/women. I see a number of escort services listed for my area (NE USA) in my Yellow Pages book. When I call, how do I properly express a desire to "have sex" and not anything else, like a 'hot oil rub'? Is there a specific term I should use when I call that may be "coded" or "known only in the industry"? I really want to have sex so any help would be appreciated. I am a good looking man, but I am shy and don't want to try and find a girlfriend for the night in a bar or something, and I don't have a well paying job for a long term girlfriend at the moment. Again, any help is awesome. Thanks. :) TheLostBoys 04-03-2012, 05:31 You're better off going to a bar & getting a girl. Once you get a girl drinking & shes enjoying your company, you usually will get laid.......... If you wanna go the escort route, make sure you explain the person you call what you're looking for in a woman. Dont say anything on the phone about sex & how much money for certain sexual encounters. If you want step by step on what to do correctly, just google your question about escorts & you should get an answer..........remember, google is your friend. shahab6 04-03-2012, 09:06 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Janja 04-03-2012, 10:14 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. shahab6 04-03-2012, 21:12 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. no problem, keep us updated on your experience. i against i 04-03-2012, 21:34 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! BeachBum4u 06-03-2012, 01:49 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! DITTO! She'll most likely have you so turned on, you'll be done before you even get started with intercourse. For someone in your situation, it's just biologically "the way it is". I don't know what else to tell you but do try your best to enjoy it though. It doesn't get much better than new p*ssy!! Alex000 06-03-2012, 05:59 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. xstayfadedx 06-03-2012, 06:38 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? Anyways I think you shouldn't do it... Its just not worth it. You should wait until you find someone because what are you going to do when you want to have sex again? (I'm sure you will want to). Are you going to call up the escorts every time? Isn't it actually more nerve racking getting an escort than just a regular chick.... I don't know but think this through. shahab6 06-03-2012, 18:22 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. well his going to be practing until the right girl comes a long. Plus he mentioned he doesn't want to get a gf. Jonb 07-03-2012, 02:20 Remember you aren't paying for sex... You are paying her to leave. Nothing wrong with that IMO. J Alex007 07-03-2012, 02:29 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. billdeserthills 07-03-2012, 03:24 I can't believe all the negativity on here. You should do as you like, as you have no one to please save yourself. Not that I have ever paid for it, but millions of people have and nobody can say they were all wrong. augustaB 07-03-2012, 03:50 Gee, I lost my cherry to a hooker when I was just 17. She was nice really. It was just me that was stupid ;) Lots of escorts advertise in the classifieds. The younger ones charge more. A mature lady may well be more understanding. Please be polite when do your visit and please don't be drunk. Hookers hate having to deal with drunks. Agree your price and what you want before starting. Don't take more money than you can afford with you. Don't be shy and don't hide your body away. A working girl will have seen more men's bodies than you can imagine. As long as it's clean they don't mind too much. Be friendly but don't expect friendship. I had a period in my life that I visited lots of hookers. Some of them were nice, some of them indifferent. Everyone was different, so just be yourself. stardust.hero 07-03-2012, 03:55 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Amazing advice. The part about gaining confidence is really important. Goodluck Janja <3 axl blaze 07-03-2012, 07:25 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) shahab6 07-03-2012, 19:43 They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the . has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Also not doing something in fear of it going bad is no excuse in not doing something. Im sure a lot of us got bad drug product, but that didnt stop us from not ever doing it, we went to someone else. Thats the problem when things are illegal, if it was legal, like someplaces, you don't have to worry about that stuff. When things are illegal, it can create many problems for both parties. When its not regulated, bad things can happen to both side. LuGoJ 07-03-2012, 20:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. shahab6 07-03-2012, 21:25 Also if you found a good looking friendly nice one, You can call her again. so you don't have to keep looking again for another.. As other say they can scam you. But then again half the fun is looking for new one, and being with a new one. xstayfadedx 08-03-2012, 00:55 not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? billdeserthills 08-03-2012, 05:51 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? Sorry, I still don't get it PriestTheyCalledHim 08-03-2012, 06:18 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? I get it. In a lot of places paying for a prostitue is illegal. In other places it's completely legal. I don't know where the OP is from so for all I know prostitution could be completely legal in the country where he's from. I don't think it's the best thing to buy sex or even do sex for pay as your first time having sex with someone but everyone's different and while I've never done either some people have done one or the other and it's their choice. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:05 Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. The fact that you used the word hobbyist shows that you know what you are talking about. OP, forget every single thing that everyone has told u on this thread and focus on what LuGoJ just advised, " I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before even entertaining the idea." On those forums you will discover which agencies are legit and which aren't and which chicks are GFE and which are scams. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:15 has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Let's just say someone very very close to me runs a legitimate agency that assures GFE and client satisfaction. Every wealthy hobbyist from NYC, Boston, Vermont, etc comes to my Canadian city to hobby. If you know anything about the game you could easily guess which city that is. Many chicks are infamous for ditching their clients in the first 30 mins. Some will exploit you with " extra options", and since pussy is such a strong drug, they'll leave u with nothing. Some chicks will straight up tell u to go pay the receptionist, and by the time u get back the "receptionist" will disappear and the escort as well. Some will lie and tell their pimp or the driver that u tried to beat them up, and u know exactly what happens after that. Trust me it's a dirty game. DrunkardsDream 08-03-2012, 07:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. What is GFE? OP-Do you really want to lose your virginity to a hooker? If you do this use condoms but if the prostitute is any good they'll make you use condoms. Don't a lot of hookers use condoms when sucking dick? Do people give oral sex or rim jobs to female prostitutes or would someone actually want to do this? I know among bisexual and gay men that oral sex sometimes just giving or sometimes just getting is a staple and it's sex but many of us will do it to a BF/partner for hours at a time if we can. I'm not into rimming but I have friends who really enjoy it and love to get it or do it to someone. The only guys I've ever known who don't like getting oral sex or giving oral sex are men who are only into either getting or giving anal sex and that's mainly all they do when they have sex. I am OK with giving anal sex to a man but I want him to be a partner and we use condoms. I have dated men who all they wanted to do was anal sex and I found them to be very boring. I agree with XstayfadedX, the first time you have sex it might not be all that special but you're going to want to do it again with whoever it is and it could be that same night or pretty soon after that. I'm a gay man and while I have never paid for sex I have some older gay male friends who have and they're mainly only attracted to younger adult gay men and have trouble finding them in bars or on hook up sites, and some only do it once a year or a few times a year when they travel for business. Others have kinks or fetishes that their partner does not like to do or doesn't understand so they pay someone to do it for them like how some men pay a Dominatrix. Alex007 08-03-2012, 08:18 GFE means Girlfriend Experience. In GFE, the escort offers you services that are typical of a girlfriend; BBBJ (blowjob without a condom) LFK/DFK (light or deep french kissing) DATY(eating her pussy) and penetration with a condom. If the client is not getting these services even though he paid for GFE, he is getting fucked in the ass. Client can also opt for extras on top of the basic GFE services. This would include things like CIM( cumming in her mouth) GREEK(anal sex), etc. All of these will cost extra. However, some chicks might provide these services in the basic GFE package, which is a great offer especially if she is superrrrrrrr hot. And yes, some escorts rim guys and vice-versa. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
http://www.cityvibe.com/|_|Post Join Login Your Local Escort Directory View Available Now (349) 371 Cities United States Alabama Anniston Auburn Birmingham Huntsville Mobile   Alaska Anchorage   Arizona Phoenix Tucson   Arkansas Little Rock   California Bakersfield Chico Fresno Inland Empire Los Angeles Orange County Palm Springs Sacramento San Diego San Fernando Valley San Francisco San Gabriel Valley San Jose Santa Barbara Santa Maria Visalia   Colorado Boulder Colorado Springs Denver   Connecticut Cromwell Eastern Connecticut Hartford New Haven New London   D.C. Washington   Delaware Wilmington   Florida Fort Lauderdale Miami Orlando Palm Beach Panama City St Petersburg Tampa West Palm Beach   Georgia Atlanta Duluth Savannah   Hawaii Honolulu   Idaho Boise   Illinois Bloomington Chicago Peoria Springfield   Indiana Indianapolis Merrillville   Iowa Cedar Rapids Des Moines Iowa City Waterloo   Kansas Overland Park Wichita   Kentucky Louisville   Louisiana Alexandria Baton Rouge Lafayette New Orleans   Maine Maine Portland   Maryland Baltimore   Massachusetts Boston South Coast Springfield Worcester   Michigan Detroit   Minnesota Duluth Minneapolis   Mississippi Biloxi Jackson   Missouri Kansas City Saint Louis   Nebraska Lincoln Omaha   Nevada Las Vegas Reno/Tahoe   New Jersey Elizabeth Newark North Jersey   New Mexico Albuquerque   New York Albany New York City Utica Westchester   North Carolina Charlotte Fayetteville Greensboro Raleigh   North Dakota Fargo   Ohio Cincinnati Cleveland Columbus Dayton   Oklahoma Oklahoma City Tulsa   Oregon Beaverton Eugene Medford Portland Salem   Pennsylvania Allentown Philadelphia Pittsburgh   Rhode Island Providence   South Carolina Columbia Greenville Myrtle Beach   Tennessee Cookeville Knoxville Memphis Nashville   Texas Amarillo Austin Dallas Denton El Paso Fort Worth Galveston Houston Killeen Longview Lubbock Odessa San Antonio Waco   Utah Provo Salt Lake City   Virginia Arlington Northern Virginia Richmond   Washington Everett Seattle Tacoma Tri-cities   West Virginia Charleston   Wisconsin Appleton Milwaukee   Canada Ontario Toronto   Quebec Montreal   India Pune   Mexico Tijuana   United Kingdom England London Manchester   What's New FAQ Videos Contact Us Twitter Careers View Mobile Site Submit Your Site Change timezone Copyright © 2016 Cityvibe.com All rights reserved.   Please read our disclaimer before entering this site: All advertiser content contained in this web site are provided to Cityvibe.com by individuals for the purposes of paid advertisements and are the sole responsibility of the individual advertisers. Cityvibe.com assumes no responsibility and cannot be held responsible for any claims arising from advertising.  While Cityvibe does not create nor produce any content listed on our ads; all of our advertisements must comply with our age and content standards.  Cityvibe has a zero tolerance policy for child pornography or minors advertising or utilizing our site. I agree to report any illegal services or activites which violate Terms of Use.  I also agree to report suspected exploitation of minors and/or human trafficking to the appropriate authorities. For Germany: In order to contact the YPA, please click on this link or on the Report Abuse link at the bottom of the page.  Access is made available only to those who accept the terms of the following agreement. I do not find sexual or adult oriented material about erotic private dancers, escorts, massage experts, strippers, sensual adult entertainers or any other adult oriented material to be offensive or objectionable. I am at least 18 years of age and have the legal right to possess adult material in my community. I understand the laws and standards set in my community, site and computer to which I am transporting this material including but not limited to photos, pictures, and videos of private dancers, escorts, massage experts, exotic strippers, adult entertainers and am solely responsible for my own actions. Under penalty of perjury, I solemnly affirm that I am over the age of 18 and that I am not accessing cityvibe.com for the purpose of obtaining information and/or to photos, pictures, and videos of private dancers, escorts, massage experts, strippers, adult entertainers that will be used by others or me in any capacity against the Webmaster of this site, its owners, employees or any other parties associated with cityvibe.com. We provide advertisements and links to referral services for independent contractors. We do not provide access to sites which engage in illegal sexual activities, nor do we condone the same. These sites provide referral services only and any violations of this declaration should be brought to our attention immediately. By continuing past this page I will have released and discharged the providers, owners and creators of this site from any and all liability that might arise. I understand that book marking to a page on this server/site whereby this warning page is by passed shall constitute an implicit acceptance of the foregoing terms set forth herein.  By entering this site I give Cityvibe express written permission to contact me by SMS text, automated dial, or email. Cityvibe respects your privacy and under no circumstances shall your information be shared with any other party. ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions and allow cityvibe to contact me via sms. Message and data rates may apply.  exit website
http://www.scarlet-woman.com/|_|Call Now 07568 325824 info@scarlet-woman.com HOME GALLERY FETISH/DOM THE A-TEAM CASTING VIP LOUNGE ENQUIRIES REVIEWS MAKE A BOOKING Featured Escorts Farah (Blue Eyed Arab) Oxford Circus GBP 300.00 Rebecca (Top Pick) Kensington and Chelsea GBP 300.00 Dorthe (AWAY) Archway GBP 120.00 Dayana (MODEL) Kensington and Chelsea GBP 600.00 Miyako (Oriental Model) Oxford Circus GBP 400.00 Marina High street kensington GBP 200.00 Romy (Ebony Princess) Dulwich GBP 350.00 Alissa Bayswater GBP 200.00 Erika High street kensington GBP 200.00 Marisol High street kensington GBP 200.00 Sienna Gloucester Road GBP 200.00 Adryanna Bayswater GBP 200.00 Britney Gloucester Road GBP 200.00 Manuela (New Italian Model) Bayswater GBP 600.00 Thelma Gloucester Road GBP 350.00 Sonia Kensington and Chelsea GBP 400.00 Carmina Kensington and Chelsea GBP 500.00 Roxy (New) Gloucester Road GBP 300.00 Sofie Paddington GBP 500.00 Karina (NEW) Bayswater GBP 300.00 Raissa (NEW) Bayswater GBP 200.00 sofia (NEW) Bayswater GBP 200.00 All Escorts Welcome to Scarlet Woman About us Scarlet-Woman is an elite escort agency in London and has been created for discerning gentlemen who require the highest standards in personal companionship. Our elite escort agency can provide exceptionally beautiful and sophisticated companions for short private meetings, business trip bookings, dinner dates, theatre trips, cocktail parties, weekend and even holiday bookings. In addition we are one of the very few London agencies who also have specialist Fetish and Dominatrix girls who will enable you to enable your ultimate fantasies.  We provide an excellent premium service with complete discretion and are completely Brisitsh female owned and managed. Our reputation is an absolute priority and is one that we are always striving to improve. We know that excellence in customer service is a top priority in running a successful business and place high emphasis on delivering a superior experience for our clientele. We are willing to do what it takes in order to achive complete customer satisfaction. Please be sure to speak to us if you require other services such as private p.a, chauffeur or social arrangements and we will be delighted to facilitate these for you wherever possible. Do you know any other escort agency in London that provides this service? Scarlet-Woman elite escorts are carefully hand selected through a stringent criteria process. We choose our elite escorts based on their personality, elegance, charm, sophistication, and beauty as well as social etiquette. We have a very selective policy in order to maintain the highest levels of professionalism and customer service that our clientele expect. Any elite escort that joins the Scarlet-Woman portfolio will have been personally interviewed and be of the highest calibre. Rest assured we always deliver for our customers and have many repeat clients from all over the world who come to us due to our attention to detail and willingness to go the extra mile to ensure they clients are completely happy. We are dedicated to developing good personal relations and maintaining our excellent customer service for you for years to come. Scarlet-Woman guarantees you will receive a premium service accompanied by the utmost discretion and absolute confidentially. All the escorts in the Scarlet-Woman portfolio are completely genuine and all photos are up to date and are verified to be 100% genuine. We are committed to delivering the highest standard of service to you      Elite Escort agency in London Scarlet-woman.com We welcome you to Scarlet-woman.com, the ultimate elite Escort agency in London. We are glad that you found your way here, you won't be disappointed. You can expect a choice of charming, stunning, very naughty escort ladies with 100% genuine and validated photos, who are excited to meet you. VIP Lounge Newsletter Keep updated on news regarding Scarlet Woman : special offers, events and new additions to the gallery Sign up for our free monthly newsletter today . HOME | GALLERY | FETISH/DOM | REVIEWS | CASTING | BOOKING Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Disclaimers | Blogs | FAQ | Contact Us © 2013 www.Scarlet-woman.com | All rights reserved Eros London escorts Follow @ScarletwomanSsh London escorts Busty escorts Find Us On Captain 69 Trusted Escort Agency Reviews London UK Escorts London Escort Agency London Escorts London Escort Agencies Punterlink - LUE - Fetshop London Escorts London Escort Agencies London Escort Directories All London Escorts
http://www.sexyescortads.com/|_|Home  News  Ads  Reviews  Galleries  Blogs  Forum  Articles  Search  FAQ  Help  Independent Escorts, Agencies and Hobbyists! Our site contains information about escorts from every major part of the world. We list escorts, GFE and massage service providers, erotic models, strippers, exotic dancers and other adult entertainers. The site is a 100% FREE for you! Browse, search, place comments and enjoy! Dear escorts, we offer completely free opportunity to advertise here! We won't ask you to pay a cent for the quality escort promotion service many sites charge hundreds $$$ a year for! Don't miss the opportunity and join thousands of our escorts for FREE! This guide to escorts and adult entertainment contains nudity and adult content. By proceeding further to this site, you agree with our Terms of Service. In particular, you affirm that you are of legal age (over 18, or 21 years old, depending on your jurisdiction) and that you are not offended by nudity or images of an erotic nature. Top Escorts from Your Location Ayuko Jakarta, Indonesia cristycurves Halifax, Canada Naughty Kitty Bangkok, Thailand daniccaramos Makati, Philippines katrinaNW New Westminster Anita38 Mumbai, India Lingnam yu Quezon City Boredchik Makati, Philippines Escort Services by Location Escort Services in Asia China Escorts, Hong Kong Escorts, India Escorts, Japan Escorts, Philippines Escorts, South Korea Escorts, Thailand Escorts, and other locations Escort Services in Australia and New Zealand Australia Escorts, New Zealand Escorts, and other locations Escort Services in Canada Alberta Escorts, British Columbia Escorts, Ontario Escorts, and other locations Escort Services in Europe France Escorts, Germany Escorts, Italy Escorts, Netherlands Escorts, Spain Escorts, and other locations Escort Services in Latin America Argentina Escorts, Brazil Escorts, Mexico Escorts, and other locations Escort Services in UK London Escorts, Midlands Escorts, North East Escorts, North West Escorts, Scotland Escorts, South East Escorts, South West Escorts, Wales Escorts, and other locations Escort Services in USA California Escorts, Florida Escorts, Georgia Escorts, Illinois Escorts, Massachusetts Escorts, Michigan Escorts, Nevada Escorts, New Jersey Escorts, New York Escorts, Ohio Escorts, Pennsylvania Escorts and all other states Escorts by Cities Escort Services in Asia Ahmedabad Escorts, Bangalore Escorts, Bangkok Escorts, Chennai Escorts, Delhi Escorts, Hyderabad Escorts, Kolkata Escorts, Mumbai Escorts, Pune Escorts, and more cities Escort Services in Australia and New Zealand Sydney Escorts, and more cities Escort Services in Canada Montreal Escorts, Ottawa Escorts, Toronto Escorts, Vancouver Escorts, and more cities Escort Services in Europe Amsterdam Escorts, Bucharest Escorts, Paris Escorts, and more cities Escort Services in UK Birmingham Escorts, London Escorts, Manchester Escorts, and other UK cities Escort Services in USA Atlanta Escorts, Austin Escorts, Boston Escorts, Chicago Escorts, Dallas Escorts, Detroit Escorts, Las Vegas Escorts, Los Angeles Escorts, Miami Escorts, New York Escorts, Philadelphia Escorts and other US cities Latest Ads 1. Natasha Orresti - Gothic TS in Cincinnati Ohio     I'm Natasha Orresti, a gothic transsexual from Cincinnati Ohio, I'm into BDSM, bedroom play, Roleplay, etc. Category : USA Escorts : Transsexual Escorts in Ohio : Transsexual Cincinnati Escorts Added on 10/07/16 09:38 2. Hot Asian - Hot Asian Companionship Agency     Kim is very hot stunning blonde erotic lady in the our agency. She is 24 years hot and blonde lady in the Hot Asian Escorts Agency in the New York. She provides the both incall and outcall services in the New York. Category : USA Escorts : Escorts in New York : New York Escorts Added on 10/07/16 07:21 3. NicoleStrate - Sexy Schoolgirl Ready For Some Fun   Availability in Virginia Beach, Hampton, Newport News, Yorktown, Williamsburg, Norfolk, Chesapeake, Richmond. A 24-hour advanced request is necessary. Authentic, safe, discreet, high-quality, fun, mild to wild. Brunette, pretty face, slim with curves in all the right places. Contact me via email. Category : USA Escorts : Female Escorts in Virginia Added on 10/07/16 01:43 4. TaylorMade1 - 2x release????My ???? taste & smells Magically delicious??????????? ?? No Ru...   (2x Release) -?- 98% of my clients are repeat customers -?- Hi There Handsome, **I'm FUN, ATTRACTIVE, ATTENTIVE, and I understand the need for Top Notch Companionship! Thats why they call me... If Class, Passion and Excitement is what You've Been Looking for, Simply Give me a Call Right Now!! (2x Release) Category : USA Escorts : Female Escorts in Tennessee : Female Memphis Escorts Added on 10/06/16 19:36 5. Cristianos - Looking to hang out? Maybe stay in?   You need some relaxation time, maybe some company? Just give me a call ladies, I don't bite ;) . 201Three62Nine4zero1 Category : USA Escorts : Male Escorts in New Jersey Added on 10/06/16 16:34 6. Serafina Maples - Experience the Perfection of Pleasure   Welcome!  Where you looking for me or did you stumble upon me? However it is you landed here, I’am thrilled you found me. Let me unravel the mystery a little further… I'm independent, sensual, passionate, and adventurous. I am very down-to-earth and genuine; the highly seductive side of my personality may just become your future addicti... Category : Canada Escorts : Female Escorts in Nova Scotia : Female Halifax Escorts Added on 10/06/16 14:15 7. TsIZZA - Yummylicious tsIZZA     What you see is what you get in real... Versatile... top and bottom Sexylicious bootilicious and boombastic... Category : Asia Escorts : Transsexual Escorts in Singapore Added on 10/06/16 08:00 8. Delia Hot - Delia - Bucharest Escort   I can make your dreams come true. I am very open mind, SEXY, HOT and LOVELY! Call me and i promise you will not regret! Category : Europe Escorts : Female Escorts in Romania : Female Bucharest Escorts Added on 10/06/16 02:50 9. Stacyrae - Kenora/Dryden/fort Frances/red lake and in between     Juicy Seductive amateur, Obsessing over the visions of playtime with a man who loves to hear the sounds of a real woman enjoying his company Discrete with no rush service. ????I'm 5'4" very sexy and tight ???? DD ???? ????I'm the girl next door, that will make your desires and fantasies become reality ???? ???????????? and ready to make ... Category : Canada Escorts : Female Escorts in Ontario Added on 10/05/16 23:41 10. sandrabgd - Sexi blondy shemale Belgrade   Wery sexi blondy shemale whit breasts DD in erotic underwear provides complete sex and best oral sex call me i am irresistible and horny and hot... Category : Europe Escorts : Transsexual Escorts in Serbia Added on 10/05/16 18:38 Other recent ads from your location>> Worldwide recent ads >> We're all SEXY! Sexy escorts, sexy male and female models, sexy GFE providers... And we're all listed here for you - our sexy clients! Popular Escort Searches Escort Service  Calgary Escorts Escort Web Design  Calgary Escort Mistress Site Menu Home News Ads Reviews Blogs Galleries Photo Rating Forums Articles Search FAQ Support Account Login Register Your Location Unknown location Change Layout Change settings Terms of Service Compliance with 18 U.S.C. § 2257 Privacy Policy FAQ Help / Contact © SexyEscortAds.com, 2002-2016
http://www.westword.com/news/glossary-of-prostitution-terms-5895660|_|NewsV Marijuana Politics Longform Daily Newsletter Weekly Newsletter MusicV Concert Reviews Profiles Concert Calendar Bars & Lounges Music Newsletter Food & DrinkV Denver Restaurant Guide Restaurant Reviews Bars & Lounges Food & Drink Newsletter Arts & CultureV Theater Geek Art Reviews Arts & Culture Newsletter CalendarV Submit an Event Concerts Things To Do Newsletter Film & TVV News & Interviews Film Reviews Showtimes Trailers Film & TV Newsletter Longform MarijuanaV Marijuana News Dispensaries Strains Laws Marijuana Newsletter Videos Slideshows Best Of Denver®V Best Of Newsletter PromotionsV Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Deals Classifieds Apps, About Us, Contact Us, Staff, Careers, Advertise, E-Edition, Privacy, Terms menu Glossary of Prostitution Terms How Sustainable Is Denver? Remember Me SIGN IN › Forgot Password? Or sign in with a social account: FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO! Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Connect. Discover. Share. Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all-access pass to everything local on events, music, restaurants, news and more. Enter your email or sign up with a social account to get started FACEBOOK TWITTER GOOGLE+ YAHOO! Privacy Policy SIGN UP › Already registered? Login › *Email *Username *Password Name *Zipcode DONE MVN Sign In › Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Facebook Twitter Follow @denverwestword Other Sean Cronin Glossary of Prostitution Terms Wednesday, November 7, 2007 at 11:36 a.m. By Sean Cronin A A Facebook - Twitter - More shares recommend reddit email - - Glendale Police have come to rely on the website Videovigilante.com for some of their more detailed intelligence on the flesh trade. Like this glossary of industry terms, which comes straight from the site: AMP = Asian Massage Parlor AAMP = Apartment Asian Massage Parlor. Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. ABC = american born chinese ABJ = american born japanese Agency = a company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of providers. AMP = Asian Massage Parlor analinus = licking anus Asian = analingus, oral sex to the anus Asian Cowgirl = girl on top, squatting ASP = Adult Service Provider, or alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup ASPD = Adult Service Provider Discussion ATF = All Time Favorite ATM = ass to mouth Aunt Flo = menstruation babyback = petite, young, attractive Asian bait and switch = person who shows up is a different one than advertised bareback = without condom BJ = blow job = oral sex = fellatio BBBJ = bare back blow job, oral sex without condom BBBJTC = bare back blow job to completion (in mouth) BBBJTCIM = bare back blow job to completion in mouth BBBJTCWS = bare back blow job to completion with swallow BBBJWF = bare back blow job with facial BBFS = bare back sex BBW = big beautiful woman BCD = Behind Closed Doors (as in private and discrete) BDSM = bondage, discipline, sado-masochism. BF = boy friend BFE = boy friend experience (Guy takes care of her desires as well) birdwatching = BBBJTCWS BLS = ball licking and sucking blue pill = Viagra butter face = everything looks good, but her face BTW = by the way cash and dash = ROB who takes the money and runs CBJ = covered blow job, oral sex with condom CC Rider = full service provider costing $200 or less CDS = covered doggy style CFS = covered full service, Sex with condom CG = cowgirl = girl on top facing you CH = Crazy Horse, SF Strip Club CIM = cum in mouth CL = craigslist.org CMD = carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde CMT = Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse. Cowgirl = CG = girl on top facing you cover = condom cups of coffee = releases DATY = dining at the y = cunnilingus, oral sex performed on a woman DDP = double digit penetration, kitty and anus Dodge = Mission Blvd, between A St and 14th St, in Hayward, CA Doggie = man behind girl, girl on hands and knees Doubles = A threesome with two girls and you DDE = doesn't do extras (PS only) DDG = drop dead gorgeous DFK = deep french kissing, open mouth with tongue DIY = do it yourself (masturbation) DT = deep throat ECR = el camino real EOM = end of message. No text in message body. facial = cumming on partner's face FBSM = full body sensual massage FIV = finger in vagina FKK = Frei Körper Kultur. German brothel / nudist club. FOB = fresh off the boat. Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US. FOV = finger outside vagina French = BJ, or oral sex in general French Kiss = Kissing with tongue insertion FS = full service = BJ + Sex Get Brain = blow job Get Comfortable = get completely naked GFE = girlfriend experience. (different variants of the definition but the basic definition includes: FS, BJ, DATY, not a clock watcher, could kiss - treats you like her Boy Friend) GG = Golden Gypsy. defunct Berkeley massage parlor GND = girl next door Greek = anal sex, back door GS = golden shower = urination play GSM = g-spot massage hardwood floors = clean shaven kitty Hat = condom HDH = high dollar hottie HJ = hand job = a manual / hand release HM = high mileage HME = honeymoon experience, lapdog heaven HWP = height and weight proportionate IMHO = in my humble opinion Incall = Meet the girl at her apartment or hotel room interpreter = condom Italian = penis rubbing between butt cheeks ISO = in search of Lapdog = person who worships providers to excess. LDL = low dollar looker (opposite of HDH) LE = law enforcement LK = light kissing, closed mouth LOS = land of smiles (Thailand) mamasan = female manager of a massage parlor MBOT = Mitchell Brothers O'Farrell Theatre, SF Strip Club MBR = multiple bell ringing = MSOG MILF = mom I'd like to f-ck Mish = missionary position, or the SF Mission District Missionary = man on top, girl on back mohawk = thin rectangular strip of pubic hair MP = massage parlor MP = multiple pops = multiple releases MSC = Market Street Cinema, SF Strip Club MSOG = multiple shots on goal = multiple releases NCT = New Century Theatre, SF Strip Club NQNS = Non Quitter Non Spitter (Provider term for guys who just never get there) NSA = no strings attached Outcall: Girl comes to your home or hotel room OWO = oral without condom OWOTC = oral without condom to completion papasan = male manager of a massage parlor party hat = condom PIV = penis in vagina PL = Pathetic Loser PO = phone operator PS = Private Show (Dance) PSE = Porn Star Experience (Opposite of GFE - professional attitude, clock watcher with perfect timing, but an incredibly good time. So good it would be like being in a porn movie and the business like attitude just wasn't a problem) PV = private viewing (Dancing, getting naked, some touching but not FS, CBJ or HJ) RA = relaxation assistant raincoat = condom RB = myredbook.com rimming = analingus RMP = Russian Massage Parlor ROB = Rip Off Bitch Reverse cowgirl = RCG = girl on top facing away Reverse massage = you massage her Roman shower = vomit play RPG = role playing games Russian = penis rubbing between breasts = Pearl Necklace = titty fuck SC = Strip Club SF = San Francisco shill = an insider posing as a satisfied customer SO = significant other SOG = shot on goal = one release SOMF = sat on my face south of the border = gential region southern france = BBBJ SP = Service Provider SPA = San Pablo Avenue in Oakland, CA spanish = ATM = ass to mouth spinner = very petite, thin girl STD = sexually transmitted disease stroll = path frequented by street walkers SW = street walker TAMP = Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor teabag = man squats and dips balls in partner's mouth TG = transgender TGTBT = too good to be true Tina = crystal meth TJ = Tijuana TL = Tenderloin district, San Francisco. between Van Ness Ave, Post St, Taylor St, and Golden Gate Ave tossing salad = analingus Troll = rude and hideous PL Trolling = Posting thinly disguised ads in a discussion forum TOFTT = Take one for the team. In reference to a new, non-reviewed provider. TS = transexual TUMA = tongue up my ass TV = transvestite WTF = What the fuck? XOXO = Kisses & Hugs YMMV = Your mileage may vary. Your service level could be different than reported by others. Applies to everyone, some more so than others. (Meaning each person may have an experience with an individual provider that is different than the person posting due to personalities and other intangible factors. Also has been used jokingly for "Your Money May Vanish" ) 1/2 and 1/2 = half and half = oral sex + full service 411 = seeking information 420 = 4:20 = marijuana 69 = two people giving each other oral sex at the same time How Sustainable Is Denver? NEXT   Contact: Sean Cronin Follow: Westword Westword News News Get the This Week's Top Stories Newsletter Every week we collect the latest news, music and arts stories — along with film and food reviews and the best things to do this week — so that you'll never miss Westword's biggest stories. GO Cancel Submit Comments In Case You Missed It Terrance Roberts Shot Down His Reputation and His Nonprofit — Can... Kyle Clark's I-Hate-Snowy-Patio-Photos Rant Ignored by 9News Mom Tries to Save Son From Death Penalty Even Though He Killed Her... Dear Stoner: Are Dispensaries Scanning IDs Now? Upcoming Events Crush Night Out Tickets Fri., Oct. 7, 6:00pm Sports Authority Field Parking: Denver Broncos Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Denver Broncos v Falcons HALF PRICE GAME Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Colorado Rapids vs. San Jose Earthquakes Tickets Thu., Oct. 13, 7:00pm Popular Stories Who Wants to Smoke Weed With Tommy Chong in Denver? Can the Denver Post Survive Its Hedge-Fund Owners? Why Free the Nipple Fort Collins Lawsuit Is About More Than... Denver Go Topless Day 2016 Captured in Videos (NSFW) Sponsor Content ©2016 Denver Westword, LLC. All rights reserved. Newsletters All-access pass to the top stories, events and offers around town. Top Stories Send: Sign Up > Remind Me Later > No Thanks > Privacy Policy Newsletters All-access pass to top stories, events and offers around town. Sign Up > No Thanks! Remind Me Later >
http://www.wikihow.com/Be-an-Escort%27s-Favorite-Client|_|MESSAGES LOG IN Log in via Log In Remember me Forgot password? Create an account EXPLORE Community DashboardRandom ArticleAbout UsCategoriesRecent Changes HELP US Write an ArticleRequest a New ArticleAnswer a RequestMore Ideas... EDIT Edit this Article Home » Categories » Relationships » Dating » Getting a Date Article Edit Discuss Edit Article How to Be an Escort's Favorite Client Community Q&A Learn the correct conduct when dealing with an escort. What and what not to do if you want to be a great client. Steps 1 Wherever you find your escort, research her. Does she have a website, does she have ads going back at least 6 months, does she have reviews (although some escorts do not like being reviewed)? Google her name and phone number or email before contacting her. Also expect her to want to screen your for her own safety; be respectful and provide whatever info she requires. 2 Be on time, or call if you will be more than 10 minutes late. Unless you are giving notice of a time change well in advance, expect to pay for the time you missed. If your 60 minute date was supposed to start at 7 and you get there at 7:15, STILL LEAVE AT 8. Please respect the escort's time and schedule, and don't linger. Even if the escort genuinely enjoyed the time with you, it is annoying and awkward if you overstay. If you want more time, ask and if she says yes, expect to pay for it at the rate previously discussed. 3 Know what's on menu in advance and do not deviate from it. Escorts use code words like, CIM, greek, GFE, PSE... google these before you call or email. 4 Never ever discuss sexual acts or money in person. For your own safety! If it is a sting, they will try to get you to say what you are there for out loud. When in doubt, kiss the girl or ask her to get more comfortable. If she complies, green light! 5 Money first always! If you must refer to it at any time, call it a gift. Do not hand the money directly to her, set it down where she can see it, or wherever you were told to beforehand, (often by the sink in the bathroom). 6 Be nice, treat her like a lady, and be respectful. She is a real person, you don't need to be intimidated and you certainly shouldn't feel superior either. 7 Don't feel like you need to blow her mind sexually. While noble, and very sweet, she is there for you. Do not hold back at the beginning because you want to last for her, this often ends in not being able to finish at all. Which nobody wants. You can take care of her after if you enjoy that, but no pressure here either. 8 Try to read her cues. She is a real women with real likes and dislikes. Not everyone wants to be talked dirty to, or smash-cuddled post coitus. Some might love it though! 9 She will not be offended if you need to leave right after. Whether you need to get back to work, or just aren't into idle chit-chat and cuddling, do your thing. She will enjoy the extra down-time. If you have a genuine rapport or chemistry, or if you are just enjoying the company and a break from real life, then stay the whole time! She will be happy either way. 10 Tip! Always tip. No one care if it's $20 or $200, tip your escort. Unless she was terrible. Tipping lets the woman know that you liked her and that you appreciate her time and effort. This is especially important if you want to see the escort again. If you went for a twofer, then tip extra well! 11 Ask her if she would like to be reviewed. If yes, keep it simple, and do not fabricate. If you say she did something that she didn't, other clients may expect that same service in the future. 12 Always be clean!!! Very very clean. If you just came from work or whatever, take a quick shower at the location. You don't want to be known as the 'Smegma-Guy'. 13 That's it! Real advice from real escorts. 14 Bring wine or a gift. Escorts love this and you will go right to the front of the line, hopefully. Wine can help to get you both relaxed and comfortable, and is a good social lubricant when you have to make all the magic happen in an hour or two. You can ask in advance what she likes, and don't forget the glasses! Gift certificates are always a safe bet if you want to bring a gift, stores like Amazon, Victoria's Secret, Bath and Body, etc. If you know the escort well, you may want to give her more personalized gifts like lingerie, jewelry, and perfume. ****Super extra bonus points if you buy her drinks/take her to dinner first, (WHILE she is being compensated for her time at her usual rate). If you really enjoy her company and can afford to do this, this is the best way to make her feel special. Remember she is on the clock though, and do not ever ask her to meet for free. That is a line neither of you should cross. Community Q&A Ask a Question Submit Already answered Not a question Bad question Other If this question (or a similar one) is answered twice in this section, please click here to let us know. Tips Remember that sexual desire is part of human nature and nothing to be ashamed of. If you are older/have no time for dating/want to be discreet/or are socially awkward, there is no shame in seeing a beautiful girl and having it be a sure thing! It's just practical. A good escort takes care of herself, practices safely, vets clients, checks references, and gets tested frequently. Escorts are not dirty, unethical, slutty, addicted to drugs any other stereotype that people associate with us. They, like any other social group, have a range of personalities, preferences and vices. Escorts are regular people and chances are very high that you know women, (or men!), that are in the sex industry in one form or another. They often keep their professions very private because they can be judged harshly. Respect her personal life. If you give her your number, she will most likely not call you, and it has nothing to do with whether or not she 'really' likes you. She keeps her two worlds separate at all times. Always use protection! If you are looking for something specific, it is out there. Domination, humiliation, every fetish you could imagine. It may not be every escorts cup of tea, but if you look hard enough you will probably find it. Always tip extra if you request a special outfit, roleplay, fetish work, toys, etc. If your escort goes above and beyond, so should you. The dream client would tip well, leave early, finish fast, bring a gift, be a regular guy, be polite and respectful. That is just the real truth. Keep in mind though that that is a client that doesn't really exist and no one expects you to be him. It's more about you anyway, and professional escorts love to feel like they did a great job and left the guy with a smile and a lasting memory! Many genuinely like most of their clients and enjoy the job wholeheartedly. Like any group of client service providers, escorts have favorites, mehs, people they don't care for, and people they will refuse to see ever again. Independent girls can be fun too! Make sure they have great reviews and that they vet clients properly before seeing them, (you may feel uncomfortable giving out identifying information, but it is in everyone's best interest!). Agency vs. Independent: Agencies are great if you want to try a variety of girls. Repeat clients are often given special treatment and more consideration. Once you trust an agency, it takes a lot of the guesswork and fear out of the equation. A good agent can give you recommendations based on who you have enjoyed in the past. When you first meet your escort please take some time to talk to them before moving onto more intimate activities. When you first meet maybe give your escort a hug and kiss and ask them to make themselves more comfortable. Warnings Don't fall in love with your escort. Always remember that even though the relationship is mutually pleasurable, and you enjoy each other's company, it is first and foremost a professional relationship. It is her job to make you feel good, and that can easily be confused with romantic love. Don't be that guy. It makes everyone feel bad. Do not expect an escort to just roll with your fetish. If you have something even slightly out of the ordinary in mind, ASK. Ask before the date if at all possible and if not, then ask upon meeting her. Be safe. If a girl will go bareback with you, you better believe she has done it with every guy before you. And never ever try to sneak it in. It's really disrespectful, and will often get you blacklisted. We know that condoms suck. We wish they didn't. They are a necessary evil though. If you can't finish with a condom on, there are other ways to finish It is not the end of the world and it happens all the time+. I do recommend that you try a female condom and see if that feels better to you. If it seems fishy, leave politely. Don't be paranoid though. Do your homework, be cautious and you will be fine. Do not say, "You should be paying ME for this! Har har." Everyone uses that joke. Good luck and happy birthday! Things You'll Need Money Common sense EditRelated wikiHows How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette How to Use Proper Business Email Etiquette How to Be Fired Gracefully How to Deal with a Work Colleague Who Has Stinky Lunches How to Practice Business Etiquette in Italy How to Practice Business Etiquette in Russia How to Delegate Tasks and Empower Your Team Article Info Categories: Business Etiquette | Getting a Date In other languages: Português: ser o Cliente Favorito de uma Acompanhante, Español: ser el cliente favorito de una dama de compañía, Italiano: Diventare il Cliente Preferito di una Escort, Русский: быть любимым клиентом эскорта, Deutsch: Der Lieblingskunde einer Begleitdame sein Discuss Print Email Edit Send fan mail to authors Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 244,251 times. Did this article help you? Yes No   Can you please put wikiHow on the whitelist for your ad blocker? wikiHow relies on ad money to give you our free how-to guides. Learn how. Cookies make wikiHow better. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our cookie policy. About this wikiHow 617 reviews Click a star to vote Click a star to vote Thanks for voting! Co-authors: 15 Updated: Views: 244,251 "Never paid for an escort before but I'm really thinking about it. Just trying to make sure I don't do something stupid and make her scared and not want to be with me. This really helped."..." more - Jalen P. 91% of people told us that this article helped them. Quick Tips Related Articles How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette Home About wikiHow Jobs Terms of Use RSS Site map Log In Mobile view All text shared under a Creative Commons License. Powered by Mediawiki. Become an Author! Write an Article 136
https://maggiemcneill.wordpress.com/2010/09/07/830/|_|Home Introduction Index Subject Index (A and B) Subject Index (C and D) Subject Index (E and F) Subject Index (G and H) Subject Index (I and J) Subject Index (K and L) Subject Index (M and N) Subject Index (O and P) Subject Index (Q and R) Subject Index (S and T) Subject Index (U and V) Subject Index (W – Z) Resources Bibliography Filmography Musicography Questions Quotes La Libertine’s Salon Offsite Permanent Links Criticisms, Witticisms & Praise The Honest Courtesan Frank commentary from an unretired call girl Feeds: Posts Comments « The Biggest Whores All Shapes and Sizes » Terminology September 7, 2010 by Maggie McNeill “When I use a word,” Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone, “it means just what I choose it to mean — neither more nor less.” –  Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking Glass Like all subcultures, whores and our clients use specialized language to describe various aspects of our trade and the specialized activities we perform.  Most of these are just slang terms used to replace a long descriptive phrase (for example, “cowgirl” replaces the rather cumbersome “woman on top position”), but others were originally intended to allow discussion of suppressed activities when official busybodies might be eavesdropping (on phone or internet communications).  Of course, a secret shared is no secret at all, so once a term becomes common enough for a client to be relatively certain that it will mean something to an escort (or vice versa), they can also be sure the term is equally well-known to the cops.  Today I’d just like to give you a brief overview of a few of the more common terms used in and about our trade.  Many of these originated on the internet; some were first used among streetwalkers, while still others may be peculiar to New Orleans (which is the only place I ever worked). Around the World means oral stimulation of the man’s anus as well as his genitals; as one might expect, the percentage of working girls who will grant this particular request is fairly slim even in the lower echelons.  Even if one chooses to ignore the considerable hygeine issues, the chance of contracting hepatitis A or other diseases is in my considered opinion far too high to risk. BBBJ stands for “Bareback Blow Job”, in other words fellatio without a condom.  In the days immediately after the discovery of AIDS this was widely considered unsafe, and authorities encouraged people to use condoms even during oral sex.  Almost three decades of research, however, have failed to turn up even one single documented case of HIV transmission via oral sex, and the last figure I saw was 0.04% chance of infection due to blood seepage into an undetected mouth sore.  Since that’s roughly similar to the chance of being struck by lightning while walking in the rain, most call girls and escorts don’t worry about it much any more.  Hepatitis B is transmitted much as HIV is, though probably at a slightly higher chance.  Other venereal diseases (including venereal warts and herpes) can certainly be transmitted via oral sex, but since they have visible signs most of the risk can be avoided via careful visual inspection (as I’ve discussed before), copious salivation (which most men find visually stimulating anyhow) and disallowing ejaculation into one’s mouth.  The latter requires careful monitoring of the client’s progress; I always asked him to warn me but also assumed he would not because unfortunately a lot of men are complete assholes on this particular subject and will not give warning despite the increased risk to the girl. Cowgirl we’ve already discussed; the only reason I’m mentioning it here again is because many of my readers are probably unfamiliar with the terms for its variations, reverse cowgirl (woman on top, facing the man’s feet) and Asian cowgirl (as normal cowgirl but with one’s feet on the bed raising the whole body up and down rather than simply rocking back and forth). Deep Throat means taking a man’s penis all the way into one’s mouth.  With a little practice it isn’t difficult, and since it impresses the hell out of men it’s well worth learning.  The trick is to suppress the gag reflex; I suggest practicing on bananas.  Few men are long enough to actually go down one’s throat, and even those that are can be handled unless they are oddly-shaped (as I’ll discuss tomorrow). Donation is originally an internet term; it simply means “fee”, as in “how much is your donation?” Facial means ejaculation onto a woman’s face.  Men who like to do this really like it, but some girls won’t allow it.  Personally I was never bothered by it; it’s not difficult to keep one’s mouth and eyes shut, and since I was blessed with a clear complexion and lovely natural coloring I never needed to wear makeup in those days anyhow.  I could therefore simply have a warm, damp washcloth handy for initial cleanup and then wash my face completely afterward.  I can see how a girl who needs makeup would be averse to clients doing this, however, since it would necessitate a great deal more effort to restore her looks afterward than it did mine.  It also tends to get in one’s hair, but can be brushed out in the short term and thoroughly removed by shampoo later.  Amateurs who say “I would never let a man do that to me!” or “That’s so demeaning!” need to remember those statements when asking “Why does my husband hire whores when I give him plenty of sex?” Full service simply means intercourse, as opposed to just oral sex or masturbation (the latter being the specialty of Asian massage parlors). GFE means “Girl Friend Experience”; it’s a highly subjective term but generally means that the escort will cuddle, kiss, refrain from obvious clockwatching or otherwise make the experience seem much more natural and less mechanical.  A high percentage of call girls provide either “GFE” or its converse, the “PSE” (some men believe that the two are not mutually exclusive within a single call, but I beg to differ).  Of late, I have noticed a distressing tendency in internet venues to attempt to define a GFE by mechanistic criteria (such as whether the girl allows intrusive tongue kissing); IMHO this completely flies in the face of the very idea of a GFE, which is determined by how the girl makes the client feel rather than by a checklist. Greek means anal sex.  It isn’t commonly offered because one simply can’t trust a client to follow the instructions necessary to keep the experience from being painful, but there are always specialists who cater to customers who want it. Hobbyist is an internet term which means a client who sees escorts as a continuing hobby rather than as an occasional pleasure.  Hobbyists generally frequent internet boards dedicated to their hobby and share information with each other; some of them are excellent clients because they know what’s expected of them, never quibble about money, treat girls well and are scrupulous about keeping appointments.  Unfortunately, the rest of them enjoy the hobby itself more than the girls, and can be nasty and exploitative.  Sometimes the term is used in a broader sense to mean any client, but I think it’s more useful in the strict sense. John is a term used mostly by police, the media and others outside The Life for a customer, as in “John Doe” since they are anonymous.  The first recorded appearance of the term in print is from 1911, but it is unclear whether it originated among streetwalkers or started as an outsiders’ term from the beginning.  Since I have never associated with streetwalkers or worked anywhere but New Orleans I can’t speak for whether any working girls actually use the term, but what I can say is that I never heard one do so, not even once, not even as a joke.  I’ve heard “client”, “customer”, “date”, “patron” and even (once) “trick”, but never “john”.  I myself always preferred “gentleman”, not merely because it’s polite but also evokes Amanda Wingfield’s “gentleman callers” in my mind. MSOG means “Multiple Shots On Goal”, in other words the girl allows the man to have intercourse with her more than once if he can.  It’s an internet term, and I must admit I giggled when it was explained to me.  Many girls won’t allow it, which IMHO is rather stupid on their parts since this exists largely in the realm of male fantasy.  What I mean by that is, though a large percentage of men ask for it (by initials or otherwise), only a tiny percentage can actually accomplish it within the time allotted.  So there’s no harm in agreeing to this because most clients will be too spent after the first time even to attempt it again, and a gentle “but sweetie, if it took you 35 minutes the first time how do you expect to do it a second time in ten?” will take care of most of the rest.  And on those rare occasions where the client is both quick on the trigger and able to perform again, why not let him go twice?  It’s his hour, after all, and he paid good money for it. Pearl Necklace means ejaculation onto a woman’s tits.  This can turn into an unplanned facial if the man ejaculates energetically enough. Popped means the same as “busted”, i.e. arrested. Protection simply means condoms.  A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”). Provider is a neutral internet term for an escort, as in “provider of services”. I don’t much care for this one, as it always reminds me of “The Providers”, those disembodied brains who once abducted Captain Kirk. PSE stands for “Porn Star Experience”.  This is slightly less subjective than its converse “GFE”, and refers to a very energetic escort who is adept at visually impressive stunts like deep throat and accepting of facials and other such porn-movie staples. Russian is holding one’s tits together so a man can rub himself between them; obviously, it’s only possible with rather large tits. Trick is old slang for a session with a client (as in “turn a trick”) or sometimes even a client himself.  It first appeared in print around the same time as “John”, and is still used today among streetwalkers and lower-class escorts in some areas (including New Orleans).  Higher-class girls generally prefer “date” or “call”, and I’ve also heard “job” or “deal”; working girls with musical backgrounds sometimes use “gig”. Troublemakers is the term I preferred for the nasty, sadistic busybodies referred to by others as pigs, liars, busybodies, blue boys, heat, LE and a number of other things…in other words, cops, the single greatest threat to any hooker’s health, safety and livelihood. So, there’s a quick explanation of a very few terms; there are plenty of others, but these are most of the common ones which sprang immediately to mind (though I wouldn’t be surprised if I overlooked a really obvious term or two).  As I said above, these are the ones I know from the internet and New Orleans; to list every one from around the world would probably fill a slim dictionary. Share this: Share Email Facebook Print Twitter Reddit Google Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in Call types, Perception | Tagged anal sex, condoms, cops, disease, ethics, GFE, imaginative fiction, masturbation, oral sex, semen, streetwalkers, Terminology, tits | 21 Comments 21 Responses on September 7, 2010 at 12:38 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom I’ve heard that when teenagers first started describing their get-togethers as “dates” parents freaked out, because up to that time ONLY prostitutes called time spent with a man a “date.” One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. on September 7, 2010 at 1:11 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. Yes, I know that one; I believe it’s of British origin. on September 7, 2010 at 3:21 pm | Reply ant what about half n half, snoball, and blacktoppingk? on September 7, 2010 at 4:03 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill “Half and half” (oral sex followed by intercourse) is only used by streetwalkers, massage parlor girls and other low-end whores who charge by the act rather than by the time period; I’ve never heard it used by an escort. “Snoball” or “snowball” (receiving a man’s ejaculate in one’s mouth, then kissing him and spitting it into his mouth) is a modern “urban” slang term which I suppose might be used about a really skanky, hostile, low-end whore with no concept of personal safety, but certainly isn’t used in the business except perhaps among gay escorts, with whom I’ve never had much contact. And I don’t know the term “blacktopping”, though I have a guess about it; if you choose to explain it, do try to be clinical! on September 7, 2010 at 4:08 pm | Reply ant Heard it on howard stern, so there’s no way i could describe it clinically😉 on September 7, 2010 at 4:35 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill Radio DJ terms are often not real slang; they’re things the DJ comes up with to get around censorship laws (though now that Stern is on Sirius he needn’t worry about that any longer). For example, my husband used to listen to Tom Leykis’ show on occasion and they habitually used the term “hummer” to mean “blow job”. If you wish you can send me the description in an email and I’ll try to rephrase it in as clinical a fashion as I can manage. on September 7, 2010 at 10:15 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Teabagging is something a woman can’t do to a man; dirty sanchez is too disgusting to contemplate; rusty trombone has some similarities to ’round the world; and I’m sure we all know what 69 means (but what about 96?). I’m sure that new terms will spring into being when space tourism gets going and people start joining the 100 Mile High Club. “Baby, do you do the X/Y dodec?” on September 7, 2010 at 11:15 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill With the exception of 69, though, I’ve never heard of a guy specifically requesting any of that stuff from a whore.😦 on September 8, 2010 at 8:36 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom Perhaps that’s just as well. On a totally different note, my cute friend has informed me that “Creole” describes her quite well. She’s Creole and then some. Really exotic and cutesy. It’s too bad she’s so asexual; she’d make a fortune. As you say: it isn’t for everybody. on September 8, 2010 at 8:44 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I’ve known quite a few Creoles, and they are often quite beautiful. Unfortunately, they have largely vanished as an ethic group since most now identify as black. Two of the recent mayors of New Orleans were Creole; both called themselves “white” on their Army enlistment papers but “black” when running for office in a majority-black city, and both married black women. To be sure mixed-race marriages are producing children who would’ve been called Creole in the old days, but they aren’t raised in that subculture. on December 27, 2010 at 5:28 am | Reply Asehpe I’m certainly in favor of making dictionaries, since it’s an important part of my day job. The etymology of these terms (usually metaphors or metonymies) is mostly obvious, but one of them stands out: the ‘Russian’. What gives? ‘Greek’ for anal sex is more or less obvious (via Ancient Greek’s surprisingly high level of acceptance of homosexuals, who suggest sodomy to a Westerner’s mind); but ‘Russian’? (I knew that practice from porn as ‘tit-fucking’; is Russian an euphemism? Does it imply Russian women have large breasts? My wife is Russian, and she doesn’t have large breasts…) on December 27, 2010 at 8:31 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I suspect it does derive from the stereotype of big-titted Russian women. I heard the term for the first time less than ten years ago; when I was in my teens the guy I knew used to refer to it as a “Dutch oven”. on January 1, 2011 at 1:10 am | Reply Jack Parsons The “Venture Brothers” cartoon includes this dialogue: “Prostitute: Okay big fella, you first. I charge you ten bucks for the Gilded Lily, twenty for the Roman Holiday, fifty for The Old Walrus ‘n’ Carpenter,and for seventy-five you can Sleigh Ride Down Kilimanjaro.” These terms were made up to mollify the network. Two previous batches of bogus terms were rejected. And something allegedly genuine: Oh, the French girls with their strings of pearls Think it’s such a burning shame That the local boys with their country joys Never make them daisy chains. They’re swapping disappointing incidents While at the dock another ship pulls in And suddenly the door breaks down (Hourah!) It’s the Seven Deadly Finns! Oh soldiers and sailors Have all been there before: Gigolos and governments Have tumbled through that door. Because they need those French girls With all their kiss-curls And powder in their guns And the Seven Finns with the deadly grins Tend to measure beauty in tons! The first is a freak with a masochistic streak And the second is a kitten up a tree The third is a flirt with an awful print skirt And the fourth is pretending to be me The fifth wears a mac and never turns his back And the sixth never shows his eyes But the Seventh Deadly Finn is so tall and slim, He shouldanever been with those guys. Although variety is the spice of life, A steady rhythm is the source Simplicity is the crucial thing Systemically of course (work it on out like Norbert Weiner) So when those French Girls say to you “Would you like your ashes raked?” You’ll have to take their word for it: It’s the only thing to take… (Yodelling chorus) —————————- http://music.hyperreal.org/artists/brian_eno/7deadly.html (Norbert Wiener was an MIT professor. Brian Eno is Bjork’s predecessor as the smartest and weirdest pop musician.) on January 1, 2011 at 8:26 am | Reply Maggie McNeill That sounds like a sea chanty; my husband has a CD collection of many such bawdy songs.🙂 on September 8, 2011 at 11:16 pm | Reply c andrew Hi Maggie, Speaking of Sea Chanties, here is a modern version. I looked for the original which was a capella, but this is the closest facsimile I could find. You’ll have to forgive the animation and concentrate on the audio. on September 8, 2011 at 11:21 pm | Reply c andrew Looks like I was, ahem, a bit premature in the last post. Here’s the a capella version. on September 9, 2011 at 12:41 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom That was an AAARRRRR-rated song! on September 9, 2011 at 7:11 pm | Reply c andrew I think you AAAARRRRRight there!😉 on September 7, 2011 at 2:01 pm | Reply Rapid ‘Protection simply means condoms. A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”).’ I know a lady who refers to condoms as “condiments”. on November 5, 2011 at 2:43 am | Reply Ornithorhynchus I’ve been hearing jokes on TV about hookers offering ‘Around The World’ since the ’80s, but I never knew what it meant until now. Now if I can only find out what the ‘Lioness On The Cheese-grader’ is. on October 7, 2016 at 4:25 am | Reply Marion Dupree I don’t know about sea shanties about semen..HAR HAR, but awhile back I wrote this: (Hope you enjoy)… Samantha’s Story Unpublished Work, All rights reserved, Copyright © 2010 Written by (Name withheld) Samantha made a living In ways I’m sure you’ll guess And no amount of L.E threats Could convince her to confess The sordid truths and dark desires Her “patrons” would lay bare She would place deep inside her vault (They knew she’d keep them there) These trusting few — these tortured souls They’d found their rapture’s niche She fiercely filled their craven lusts Like panthers on a leash Mercy came to those who cried (But, only if she chose)! The “pain” she gave brought much delight With relentless, stinging blows And then, of course There were her “pets” These meek, they liked to play They’d lick up all she served to them Like liver on a tray Oscar liked his nipples clamped And Fred got off on pies And Larry loved his asshole rammed With cocks of every size And April, she would cum for days If her clit was roughly tweaked And Peter lapped up Samantha’s pee When down her leg it leaked Best of all there were the twins A wild, perverted pair Who loved to singe their private parts While other people stared To lick on toes, or suck a cock Seemed dry to her as toast But stick a jar up some chick’s twat? Who could want a better host? The raunchier, the saucier The more depraved the act Would only fuel her fire for more Joy they would transact. As legend goes, Samantha kept A few lovers for herself For she loved them each Like precious gems Placed high atop a shelf “I’ll shine you up.” She purrs to one “And you – I’ll hose you down.” And “Hands against the wall, my pet – Don’t dare to make a sound!” Lustfully, they all complied To each cruel command she gave They lapped between her thighs when asked – And never misbehaved. “Good pets,” she’d coo, and stroke their heads, “It’s time I take my leave” They’d moan and groan, But knew all too well The rewards they’d soon receive. With shackles on and collars latched She locked them all up tight Leaving them alone in fear As day turned into night. Time crept by and her precious few Were restless, scared and hot But, just then – the door squeaked ajar- And Samantha showed them what she’d bought. “Hello, my pets, did you miss me?” Her voice soothed their throbbing aches “I brought you each a brand new toy, Let’s see the mess we make!” And so it went As it often does She got the best of each She rode them hard, she rode them long For she had so much to teach! And so ends this tale At least for now Of Samantha’s lusty lair So now you know And I’d lay odds – That you wish That you lived there! ‡ Comments RSS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Ways to buy my book This Month September 2010 S M T W T F S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Old Posts Old Posts Select Month October 2016  (7) September 2016  (30) August 2016  (31) July 2016  (31) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (31) February 2016  (29) January 2016  (31) December 2015  (31) November 2015  (30) October 2015  (31) September 2015  (30) August 2015  (31) July 2015  (31) June 2015  (30) May 2015  (31) April 2015  (30) March 2015  (31) February 2015  (28) January 2015  (31) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (30) October 2014  (31) September 2014  (30) August 2014  (31) July 2014  (31) June 2014  (30) May 2014  (31) April 2014  (30) March 2014  (31) February 2014  (28) January 2014  (31) December 2013  (31) November 2013  (30) October 2013  (31) September 2013  (30) August 2013  (31) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (31) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (31) February 2013  (28) January 2013  (31) December 2012  (31) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (31) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (31) July 2012  (31) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (31) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (31) February 2012  (29) January 2012  (31) December 2011  (31) November 2011  (30) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (30) August 2011  (31) July 2011  (31) June 2011  (30) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (31) February 2011  (28) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (30) October 2010  (31) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (31) July 2010  (22) Call me Enter your email address to follow "The Honest Courtesan"; you'll be notified by email whenever Maggie posts something new. Become a Blog Patron If you want to donate but don't want a recurring charge, you can send any amount you like via PayPal to my email address (see below). Be sure to include a note so I can thank you! Contact Maggie If you'd like to ask me a question, click here. If you made a comment and it doesn't appear within a few hours, click on this one. If you'd like to alert me to an interesting item, use this one. And if you have a request, bouquet or brickbat or just want to introduce yourself, this is the one for you. A Few References Ad Scortum Advice for Clients Frequently Told Lies Guided Tour Handy Figures House Rules King of the Hill Maggie's Amazon Wishlist Safety in Numbers Where's My Comment? Friends of Whores Amazing Women Rock An Anthology of English Pros Cliterati Econjeff Feminist Ire Judgy Bitch Literate Perversions Marijke Vonk Narco Polo Nobody's Business Paper Bird Popehat Radley Balko RTFTLC Sarah Woolley Sex and the State Simple Justice Stanley Siegel Talk Geek to Me The Naked Anthropologist Windy Pundit Organizations & Allies Desiree Alliance ESPLERP FIRST International Prostitutes Collective International Sex Worker Foundation for Art, Culture and Education International Union of Sex Workers Naughty New Orleans Network North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition Prostitutes' Education Network Sex Work Activists, Allies and You Sex Worker Open University Sex Workers Outreach Project Sex Workers Without Borders St. James Infirmary SWOP-NOLA Touching Base Women With a Vision Resources Decriminalization Success in New Zealand Dr. Brooke Magnanti on "How To Blog Anonymously" Legal Status of Prostitution by Country Logical Fallacies Loose Women or Lost Women? Sex Trafficking: The Abolitionist Fallacy Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work The Mythology of Prostitution The Philosophy of Liberty Third Wave Foundation's Pro-Sex Work Statement World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights Whorish Media After Hours Bound, Not Gagged Brooke Magnanti was a Sex Worker! Castrating Bitch Girl Furry Girl's Feminisn't Harlot's Parlour Kelly James vs. the TSA La Libertine's Salon Open Source Sex Post-Whore America Sina More Stuff Sex Workers Eat The Honest Catesan The Sex Myth The Time Waster Tits and Sass Vixen for Hire Maggie on TwitterMy Tweets Boring but necessary legal stuff All original content on this website (i.e. all of my columns, pages and anything else which I write myself) is protected under international copyright law as of the time it is posted; though you may link to it as you please or quote passages (as long as you attribute the quote to me), please do not reproduce whole columns without my express written permission. In other words, you have to say "pretty please with sugar on top" first, and then wait for me to say "okey-dokey". Blog at WordPress.com. WPThemes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
https://myscarletbook.com/british%20columbia/surrey/6048285104/|_|BRITISH COLUMBIA     ›     CITY     LOGIN / REGISTER  CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS COMMUNITY REVIEWS POST AN AD Mandyy Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Check Image Mandyy 1 1 Category: Escort Age: 28 Ethnicity: Punjabi & German mix Incall Add to Favorite (0) Ignore Search Forums Link Reviews    Verify This Provider       Flag Pictures    Posted July 26, 2016 in Surrey British Columbia ❤  It's not a lie when I say O®ALLY GIFTED because I'm that Good Guaranteed..  Curvaceous 28year old ❤PUNJABI & GERMAN Mixed❤ independent Esc'ort. 5'7 ft, approx. 170lbs (medium build), 38D (naturally busty), brown hair & eyes, clean shaven and TIGHT!  ❤AVAILABLE 24/7 ❤ even if my ad hasn't been posted regularly, you can still make an appointment  Incall location: Surrey near the GATEWAY skytrain station near 108ave & university Dr in condo  604 8285104 or (new number) (778) 732-3128  http://avm1797.ers-list.com/ : EXPLICIT website containing the HOTTEST video clips you've ever seen, pics, and so much more!  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com/ : official website  Mandy  check out my website for new and updated info on prices and SPECIALS when offered or contact myself directly 6048285104 Click to Call (Mobile)  Characters Remaining Positive Review Neutral Comment Negative Review gained at least 40lbs since these pictures were taken. place was really dirty, she was wearing ripped cloths. the perfect definition of white trash. expanse Reviewed on 2016-01-24 23:11:01 0 repsReply LOGIN or REGISTER to see all 3 reviews! Previous By Provider Posted 2016-06-30 WHY settle for average when u can experience the BEST! It's not a lie when they say O®ALLY Talented.. trust me I'm good.. impeccable services and so much more...  Curvaceous and INDEPENDENTLY Operated...28year old ❤PUNJABI & GERMAN Mixed❤ woman. 5'7 ft, approx. 170lbs (medium build), 38D (naturally busty), brown hair & eyes, clean shaven and TIGHT!  ❤AVAILABLE 24/7 ❤ even if my ad hasn't been posted regularly, you can still make an appointment  INCALL Location: Surrey near the GATEWAY skytrain station near 108ave & university Dr in condo  604 828- 5104  http://avm1797.ers-list.com/ :. EXPLICIT website containing the HOTTEST video clips you've ever seen, pics, and so much more!  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com/ : OFFICIAL website  check out my website for new and updated info on prices and SPECIALS when offered or contact myself directly  Mandy Posted 2016-06-30 WHY settle for average when u can experience the BEST! It's not a lie when they say O®ALLY Talented.. trust me I'm good.. impeccable services and so much more...  Curvaceous and INDEPENDENTLY Operated...28year old ❤PUNJABI & GERMAN Mixed❤ woman. 5'7 ft, approx. 170lbs (medium build), 38D (naturally busty), brown hair & eyes, clean shaven and TIGHT!  ❤AVAILABLE 24/7 ❤ even if my ad hasn't been posted regularly, you can still make an appointment  INCALL Location: Surrey near the GATEWAY skytrain station near 108ave & university Dr in condo  604 828- 5104 or on the new # @ (778) 732-3128- call only, may be a delay in receiving texts on this #  http://avm1797.ers-list.com/ :. EXPLICIT website containing the HOTTEST video clips you've ever seen, pics, and so much more!  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com/ : OFFICIAL website  check out my website for new and updated info on prices and SPECIALS when offered or contact myself directly  Mandy Posted 2016-07-25 http://avm1797.ers-list.com : Explicit website containing theeHOTTEST video clips, pictures, and so much more ...ON the web from your favorite escort.  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com : Official website  The hottest experience from YOUR one and ONLY... Or* @lly GIFTED ...28 year old ((( PUNJABI and GERMAN mixed. )))) honey  Long brown hair, incredible BIG brown eyes, CURVACEOUS bod. 170lbs, 5'7 ft , Naturally BUSTY 38D, Clean shaven and tight  * INDEPENDENTLY Operated. *  AVAILABLE 24 / 7  North Surrey towards the GATEWAY Skytrain Station in a CONDO ( 108ave & university Dr )  6048285104  Take a look at my website for more details on rates, services, restrictions, pics and so much more.. Or ask myself directly Posted http://avm1797.ers-list.com : Explicit website containing theeHOTTEST video clips, pictures, and so much more ...ON the web from your favorite escort.  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com : Official website   Curvaceous ...27 year old • PUNJABI & GERMAN Mixed • woman . Brown Hair and eyes, 5'7ft, 170lbs (medium built), 38D (naturally busty), clean shaven... INDEPENDENT escort   Truly thee HOTTEST g* friend * experience, extremely ORALLY GIFTED, and so much more... GUARANTEED  (Incalls ONLY) Surrey near the Gateway Skytrain Station in private Condo  *** AVAILABLE 24/7 *** even if the ad hasn't been posted , you can still make an appointment  604 828 5104  XOxo Mandy Posted http://avm1797.ers-list.com : Explicit website containing theeHOTTEST video clips, pictures, and so much more ...ON the web from your favorite escort.  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com : Official website   Curvaceous ...27 year old • PUNJABI & GERMAN Mixed • woman . Brown hair/eyes, 5'7 ft, 170lbs (medium built), 38D (naturally busty), clean shaven... INDEPENDENT escort   Truly thee HOTTEST g* friend * experience, extremely ORALLY GIFTED, and so much more... GUARANTEED  (Incalls ONLY) Surrey near the Gateway Skytrain Station in private Condo  *** AVAILABLE 24/7 *** even if the ad hasn't been posted , you can still make an appointment  604 828 5104  XOxo Mandy  Posted An extremely ⭕r@ lly Gifted … 27year old ( PUNJABI & GERMAN Mixed ) curvaceous WOMAN of many TALENTs and Skills… long Brown Hair &Impeccable brown eyes, 5’7 ft, 169lbs (medium built), 38D (naturally Busty)  ▪ Indepently Operated ▪    ⭐INCALLS ONLY ⭐ ....surrey towards Gateway Skytrain station  ⭐ AVAILABLE 24/7 ⭐ even if my ad hasn’t been posted , you can still make an appointment  604- 828 5104  Xoxo Mandee  80 for 15 min 100 for 30 min 150 for hour Posted An extremely ⭕r ?lly GIFTED .... curvaceous 27year old ⭐ PunjAbi & German Mixed ⭐ Woman of many talents and skills!  Brown hair & eyes, 5'7ft, 170lbs (medium built),38D (naturally busty), clean shaven etc   ⭐⭐ Available 24/7 ⭐⭐even if my had hasn't been posted, you can still make an appointment  ((Incalls only)) Surrey near the GATEWAY Skytrain station  6048285104 call or text 24/7 but NO PRIVATE CALLS  100hh. 150hr  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com Posted  An extremely ⭕r ?lly GIFTED .... curvaceous 27year old ⭐ PunjAbi & German Mixed ⭐ Woman of many talents and skills!  Brown hair & eyes, 5'7ft, 170lbs (medium built),38D (naturally busty), clean shaven etc   ⭐⭐ Available 24/7 ⭐⭐even if my had hasn't been posted, you can still make an appointment  ((Incalls only)) Surrey near the GATEWAY Skytrain station  6048285104 call or text 24/7 but NO PRIVATE CALLS  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com  100hh or 150hr Posted http://avm1797.ers-list.com/ : EXPLICIT website containing the HOTTEST video clips you've ever seen, pics, special offers and so much more!  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com/ : official website  Curvaceous and ORALLY Gifted 27year old ⭐⭐ East IndiAn & German Mixed ⭐⭐ Woman! Brown Hair/eyes, 5'7ft, 170lbs, 38D (naturally busty), clean shaven...   Available 24/7  Incalls only near Surrey gateway skytrain station in condo  6048285104 Posted ⭐ Ask about the HOTTEST holiday SPECIAL Eva ⭐⭐  An extremely ⭕r @lly Gifted … 27year old ( PUNJABI & GERMAN Mixed ) curvaceous female of many TALENTs and Skills… Brown Hair & eyes, 5’7 ft, 169lbs (medium built), 38D (naturally Busty), clean shaven  ▪ Indepently Operated ▪  ⭐INCALLS ONLY ⭐ ....surrey towards Gateway Skytrain station  ⭐ AVAILABLE 24/7 ⭐ even if my ad hasn’t been posted , you can still make an appointment  For more information, contact 6048285104  XOxo Mandy Posted ⭕ffical site: http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com  An extremely ⭕r lly Gifted … 27year old ( PUNJABI & GERMAN Mixed ) curvaceous WOMAN of many TALENTs and Skills… long Brown Hair &Impeccable brown eyes, 5’7 ft, 169lbs (medium built), 38D (naturally Busty)  ▪ Indepently Operated ▪  ⭐INCALLS ONLY ⭐ ....surrey towards Gateway Skytrain station  ⭐ AVAILABLE 24/7 ⭐ even if my ad hasn’t been posted , you can still make an appointment  604- 828 5104  15min: 70 30min: 100 1 hour: 150 Posted Curvaceous and ⭕ rally Gifted ......27 year old (PUNJABI and GERMAN Mixed) woman of many TALENTS and SKILLS ....GUARANTEED!  Brown Hair and SENSATIONAL Brown eyes, 5'7ft , 170lbs (medium built), 38D (naturally busty), clean shaven etc.  ⭐ Indepently Operated ⭐  AVAILABLE 24/7- even if my ad hasn't been posted, you can still Contact myself anytime  ⭐Incalls only ⭐Surrey near GATEWAY skytrain station in condo setting  100hh 150hr  6048285104 Posted Curvaceous and ⭕ rally Gifted ......27 year old (PUNJABI and GERMAN Mixed) woman of many TALENTS and SKILLS ....GUARANTEED!  Brown Hair and SENSATIONAL Brown eyes, 5'7ft , 170lbs (medium built), 38D (naturally busty), clean shaven etc.  ⭐ Indepently Operated ⭐  AVAILABLE 24/7- even if my ad hasn't been posted, you can still Contact myself anytime  ⭐Incalls only ⭐Surrey near GATEWAY skytrain station in condo setting  when a ⭐SPECIAL ⭐is offered its 80hh 120hr otherwise it's REGULAR pr¡ ce 100hh 150hr  ***ask for details @the time of meeting to avoid any confusion ***  Mandy 6048285104 Posted ⭕?r @lly Gifted. exotic 27year old PUNJABI GERMAN Mixed female.long brown hair, incredible big Brown eyes, 5'7ft, medium built curvy. 168lbs, naturally busty 38D, clean shaven  Pl@y_ful. N@U_ GHTY . True G . Friend. E.and so much more.  Located near GATEWAY skytrain station in condo setting  AVAILABLE 24/7.  6048285104  100hh. 150hr Posted ⭕?r @lly Gifted. exotic 27year old PUNJABI GERMAN Mixed female.long brown hair, incredible big Brown eyes, 5'7ft, medium built curvy. 168lbs, naturally busty 38D, clean shaven  Pl@y_ful. N@U_ GHTY . True G . Friend. E.and so much more.  Located near GATEWAY skytrain station in condo setting  AVAILABLE 24/7.  6048285104  100hh. 150hr Posted ⭕?r @lly Gifted. exotic 27year old PUNJABI GERMAN Mixed female.long brown hair, incredible big Brown eyes, 5'7ft, medium built curvy. 168lbs, naturally busty 38D, clean shaven  Pl@y_ful. N@U_ GHTY . True G . Friend. E.and so much more.  Located near GATEWAY skytrain station in condo setting  AVAILABLE 24/7.  6048285104  100hh. 150hr Posted r @lly Gifted. exotic 27year old PUNJABI GERMAN Mixed female.long brown hair, incredible big Brown eyes, 5'7ft, medium built curvy. 168lbs, naturally busty 38D, clean shaven  Pl@y_ful. N@U_ GHTY . True G . Friend. E.and so much more.  (Incalls only) NORTH Surrey near GATEWAY skytrain station in condo setting  AVAILABLE 24/7.  6048285104  https://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com  SPECIALS  75 for 15min, 90hh, 120hr everyday until 11pm  AFTER HOURS ( regular rate 100hh 150hr )  Mandy Posted H⭕TTEST (( SPECIAL )) 80HH 120HR  ORALLY Gifted .... 27year old ⭐ PUNJABI & GERMAN Mixed ⭐ long brown hair , brown eyes, 5' 7 ft , 168lbs ( medium built & curvy ), 38D ( naturally BUSTY ), clean shaven...  ** AVAILABLE 24/7 ** (Incalls ONLY) North Surrey near GATEWAY Skytrain station 6048285104   http://avm1797.ers-list.com/ :  EXPLICIT website containing the HOTTEST video clips you've ever seen, pics, special offers and so much more!  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com/ :  official website Posted http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com  27 year old. EAST INDIAN and GERMAN Mixed female with natural curves in all the right places ! 5'7ft, 168lbs (( meduim built )), 38D (( naturally busty )), long brown hair & eyes, clean shaven etc....  I can honestly say .....YES im O. RA11*Y. Gifted, a real. GIRL -F. - experience and so much more....  Independently operated Incalls only  Available. 24/7 _ even if my ad isnt posted regularly, still contact me  North Surrey near 108/132ST AREA  6048285104 or 6046747182  Rates:  15mins * 70$ ( restricted services ) 30mins * 100$ ( all services included , 1x ) 1 hour * 150$ ( all services included, MSOG ) Posted http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com  ⭐ THE LAST DISCOUNTED Special offered ⭐  SPECIAL rate: 80$ hh / 120$ hr ..offered everyday from mid morning until 11pm only then it's regular rate LATE NIGHTS   27 year old. EAST INDIAN and GERMAN Mixed female with natural curves in all the right places ! 5'7ft, 168lbs (( meduim built )), 38D (( naturally busty )), long brown hair & eyes, clean shaven etc....  I can honestly say .....YES im O. RA11*Y. Gifted, a real. GIRL -F. - experience and so much more....  Independently operated Incalls only  Available. 24/7 _ even if my ad isnt posted regularly, still contact me  North Surrey near 108/132ST AREA  6048285104 or 6046747182 Posted http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com   Cause im that nice and its my bday month , im offering my LAST Summer special until the end of August⭐  $ 80hh. $ 100hr everyday before 10pm only then its regular price afterwards  27 year old. EAST INDIAN and GERMAN Mixed female with natural curves in all the right places ! 5'7ft, 168lbs (( meduim built )), 38D (( naturally busty )), long brown hair & eyes, clean shaven etc....  I can honestly say .....YES im O. RA11*Y. Gifted, a real. GIRL -F. - experience and so much more....  Independently operated Incalls only Available. 24/7 _ even if my ad isnt posted regularly, still contact me North Surrey near 108/132ST AREA  6048285104 or 6046747182 Posted Website: http://avm1797.ers-list.com  http://mandyxoxo.escortbook.com/ (official website)  http://avm1797.ers-list.com/ (Explicit website: pics,videoclips and etc) NOTHING feels better than ME!  ORALLY Gifted true GF Experience and so much more.( honestly am The BEST at Wat i do.GUARANTEED )  Exotic. 27year old ((PUNJABI/GERMAN Mixed)) female: brown hair/eyes, 5'7ft, 165lbs (médium builtcurvy), 38D (naturally BUSTY), clean shaven.  Surrey ( near GATEWAY skytrain area) in condo Indepently operated Available 24/7 ( eveN if The ad isnt posted, call me)  6048285104 or 6046747182  Special Is 80hh 120hrs before 8pm ONLY BRITISH COLUMBIA CLASSIFIEDS Copyright 2015 MSB MEDIA LTD 2257 Compliance Authorized Sales Agent: GTBill.com Cancellation Link About Us / DISCLAIMER                         Are you 21 or older? Yes No Adult material not appropriate for minors. You must be 21 years of age or older to enter this site. TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTACT US 2257
https://skipthegames.com/articles/about-escorts/escort-terms-escort-sex-definitions-escort-abbreviations|_|To make the most out of your visit to Skipthegames.com, please enable Javascript Skip the games. Get satisfaction. Find escorts I am a Man Woman Couple looking for a Female escort Male escort for men TS escort Massage or massage studio Domination or fetish Male escort for women Stripper or strip club Phone or website (cam) Adult job posting Please enter city or area Hide the search bar Skip the games Escort terms, sex definitions and abbreviations in escort ads Escort terms, sex definitions and abbreviations in escort ads October 27, 2013 | About escorts This is an escort terms / escort slang dictionary of words used to describe various sexual activities in escort ads. Each sex term is followed by a definition and every escort abbreviation is explained. C Top Ten most frequently used terms in escort ads A-Level / Greek BBBJ CIM DATY DFK GFE A vague term today, it used to mean “BBBJ + CFS + DFK + DATY + MSOG”. MSOG PSE Russian Safe 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Y Other common Internet abbreviations 0-9 3G Get In. Get off. Get out. 411 Information, intelligence, intel. e.g. “I got the 411 on her from hobbyhorse”. In the context of online forums requests for information about ASPs are labeled “411“, e.g., “411 Redhead Rianna”. 420 or 420 friendly An ASP that will smoke marijuana with you. A bit of advice: Adding drugs to your hobbying mix tends to give you a MUCH larger profile on Uncle Leo’s radar. An ASP who has a rep for being 420-friendly is likely getting way more attention from Uncle Leo than the more conservative hobbyists would prefer. 69 Mutual, simultaneous oral sex. $ The dollar sign (or collection of dollar signs) is sometimes used imply the price range of the services offered/provided. E.g., $ = $100, $$ = $200, $$$ = $300 and so on. Often .5 signifies $50, so $$.5 would mean $250. A Back to top Escort terms starting with A AAMP Apartment-based Asian massage parlor, as opposed to a commercial establishment. ABC American-born Chinese, also known as “banana”: yellow outside, white inside. ABJ American-born Japanese. AC/DC Bisexual. A-Level British parlance for anal sex. See also Greek. abrasion Rubbing the body with a variety of materials from raw silk to leather to sandpaper. adult baby creche A parent-child roleplay with one participant taking care of another. Also called ageplay, it can include the wearing and changing of diapers as well as bottle feeding. agency An organization or individual that manages many providers. The agency handles all calls, bookings and advertising. The agency takes a percentage of the fee for each session. Ageplay Scenes in which at least one participant pretends to be significantly younger than he or she actually is. All covered Also all covered play. With condom. amazon A tall, strong, often masculine woman. AMP Asian Massage Parlor. animal play Animal transformation fantasy: Games and scenes in which the sub (bottom) acts or dresses like a dog, cat, horse, etc. See ponyboy, ponygirl. AO Will see Asian clients only. ASP Adult Service Provider. analingus aka “Asian”: oral stimulation of the anus. Around The World Rimming. Oral sex on the anus of either sex, analingus Three acts in a session: oral, vaginal and anal Analingus and fellatio Asian Oral sex on the anus of either sex, analingus, aka rimming, DATO. Asian Cowgirl cowgirl with girl squatting. ATF All Time Favorite. ATM Ass To Mouth. Penis, finger or toy comes out of receiver’s anus, and goes directly into receiver’s mouth. attempts Trying to reach orgasm. e.g. ASP allowed multiple attempts: means the ASP allows more than one orgasm per session if the client is able and interested. aka MSOG. Aunt Flo Menstruation, period. ‘Being visited by Aunt Flo‘. B Back to top B&D Bondage and Discipline. B&S, bait & switch Describes a situation where ASP advertisements, which may include photos, written or verbal descriptions, do not match the ASP who shows up, or which has been grossly misrepresented the ASP. babyback Petite, young, attractive Asian woman. baby dyke A young lesbian or someone who is just coming out of the closet. bag Condom, with a condom, e.g. “BJ in a bag” = CBJ or “I filled the bag” = orgasm. Baja Sur Genitals. From the Spanish “the low south”. balloons Breast implants. bare back, bareback, BB Without a condom. Depending upon context it may be used as shorthand for intercourse without a condom (BBFS). barracuda An ASP whose only purpose is to separate you from your money as quickly as possible, preferably without giving you anything in return. Batin Groin massage, but sometimes means hand job (from Malaysia). BBBJ Bare Back Blow Job. fellatio without a condom; aka “un-translated French” (UTF). BBBJNQNS Bare Back Blow Job No Quit No Spit; oral sex performed to completion with swallowing. BBBJTC Bareback Blowjob To Completion. Oral stimulation of the penis to orgasm without a condom. (May spit or swallow), aka CIM. BBBJTCWS Bare Back Blow Job to Completion with Swallowing. BBBJWF Bareback Blowjob With Facial. BBFS Sexual intercourse without a condom. BBK Big beautiful knockers. BBW Big Beautiful Woman. An escort, ASP, who caters to clientele that prefer overweight, obese women. BCD Behind Closed Doors. Often used to mean activities that will be described to a privileged listener or nobody at all. BDSM Bondage, Discipline, Sado-Masochism. This is a catch-all to refer to the various aspects of negotiated, mutually consensual exchange of power between two consenting adults. Regardless of the depth of the relationship, consent, safety and sanity are the cornerstone of this lifestyle. Bear A large hairy (homosexual) man. beard A person of the opposite sex who marries or dates a closeted lesbian or gay person to cover up their homosexuality. In the past, often lesbians married gay men so that both could “pass” as straight, either for work or for their families. beret A condom. BF boyfriend. BFE Boyfriend Experience, A subjective term used primarily by ASP to describe good clients. birdwatching BBBJTCWS or CIM and ASP swallows. See BBBJNQNS, NQNS. bisexual A person who is sexually and emotionally attracted to both women and men. blackhole Anus. blue pill or blue steel Viagra. BJ Blow job, fellatio, French. Oral stimulation of the penis. BL Body Lick. BLS Ball Licking and Sucking. BNG Blow-n-go, a 15-minute oral-only session. Body-Rub A massage or massage-like service. Used instead of “massage”, usually to indicate sexual stimulation (usually a handjob) is included and the person performing the service is not licensed as a massage therapist, aka FBSM, Sensual Massage. Bondage chair A piece of furniture, sometimes a very complex one, with varying number of restraints to keep a sub at dom’s mercy. Boston Marriage In the late nineteenth century, it was common for two unmarried women to share a home. Many women, particularly those who were college educated, lived in long-term unions with other women. These relationships became known as “Boston Marriages”. Bottom In homosexual parlance: the passive partner. In BDSM: the submissive. Breath control A type of BDSM play in which the Dom controls the Sub‘s access to oxygen. Can be dangerous. brown eye Anus. brown shower Defecation on your partner. BS or body slide Service where the ASP may slide their body on the client’s body using oil. BSB Bus stop babe. bukkake A variety of fetish that involves repeated ejaculation of a female by many men. See also gokkon. bulldagger A term that was used in the 1920s to define a very butch lesbian. Often African American. bulldyke A very masculine lesbian. businessmen-only, gentlemen-only or professional-only A subjective request used in ASP advertising as a pre-screen for clients. The ASP posts this in hopes of attracting “better” clientele. butch A woman who adopts what would be considered masculine characteristics. Also a masculine homosexual. butter face A women whose body is very attractive, but her face is not. Everything looks good but ‘er face. C Back to top Camp Effeminate male – from KAMP, Known As Male Prostitute. canine, K9 See Doggy style. cash and dash A rip-off. The person posing as an ASP shows up, takes your money, doesn’t provide any services or might offer to “dance” (but more often than not does not), and leaves with the cash, aka dance and dash, ROB. CBJ Covered Blow Job. Blowjob or with a condom on, aka translated French (TF). CBT Cock and ball torture: application of clamps, cages, weights, wax, etc to male genitals as either punishment or tease and denial. Can be dangerous. CC Rider An ASP who is FS for $200/hr or less. The “CC” bit is the Roman numeral for 200. CCL Concentration Camp Look. CD cross-dresser. A person, and especially a male who adopts the dress and often the behavior typical of the opposite gender especially for purposes of emotional or sexual gratification. A person who sometimes wears the clothing and aesthetics of a gender other than the one they typically wear in their daily lives. See also transvestite CDS Covered Doggy Style. CFM Come Fuck Me, usually refer to the look of a person. CFS Covered Full Service. Sexual intercourse (coitus) with a condom. CG Cowgirl: she’s on top facing you. Chump A man who gives his money and/or his attention to women without getting any pussy in return. Largely a phenomenon experienced by American men when dating American women. CID Cum In Deep. The provider lets you come inside her with no condom. See BBFS. CIH Cum in Hair. CIM Cum In Mouth (in the context of fellatio without a condom (UTF/BBBJ)), see also NQNS, BBBJTC. civilian A person who makes them self available for sexual encounters but not for financial gain. May be less discreet than an ASP and more interested in a relationship. Not to be confused with non-pro. CL Craig’s List. The classifieds board of the internet, and formerly a free place for providers to advertise. Not so much a of player since the removal of Adult and Erotic services. clock watcher An ASP who counts the minutes until the session is over. Usually used to describe an ASP who rushes and does not enjoy her work. CMD Carpet Matches Drapes (typically a natural blonde). CMP Chinese Massage Parlor. CMT Certified Massage Therapist. Generally a CMT is not an ASP. While an ASP specializing in massage services might be a CMT, it is unwise to assume a CMT is an ASP. Very unwise. COB Cum On Body. Man ejaculates on a woman’s body. COF Cum On Face. Man ejaculates on woman’s face, aka face painting or facial. COH Cum on Hair. Cottage To cottage: to look for sexual partners in public bathrooms. Synonym: to cruise. coitus Sexual intercourse characterized by the male penis entering the female vagina. collar and cuffs match A euphemism to indicate that pubic hair color matches color of the hair on the head; natural hair coloring. Sometimes also referred to as ‘carpet & curtains match’. COM Cum Over Mouth (in the context of fellatio without a condom (UTF/BBBJ)). Lots of women hate swallowing so use the term C-0-M instead of C-I-M. commercial company a euphemism for prostitution generally used by truckers. completion Orgasm. e.g. Bareback blowjob to completion. cover A condom. covered Various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid sexually transmitted diseases. (e.g. Covered Blowjob means a condom was used.). Cowgirl ‘Girl on top’ position for sexual intercourse. Sometimes abbreviated CG (though this can be confused with the abbreviation for Call Girl as well. Mind the context for clarification.). crime scene action Sexual activity during the provider’s period (while menstruating). See also red wings. crone The word “crone” was (and in some circles still is) a derogatory term for an old woman. In the 1970s, during the feminist movement, lesbians began to adopt the word crone to mean a wise older woman. Today, in lesbian and feminist circles, a crone is a wise older woman whose life experience demands that she be treated with respect. cruising Looking for prostitutes while driving. Cyber-equivalents aren’t hard to imagine. Also, in homosexual slang, this is the same as “cottaging“. crushing Fetish relating to dominance and control; a desire to see small, defenseless animals crushed under women’s high heels. cunnilingus Oral stimulation of a woman’s genitalia. ‘giving head’ to a woman. ‘going down on’ a woman. cups of coffee Orgasms, e.g. multiple cups of coffee means the provider allows more than one orgasm. D Back to top dance and dash A rip-off. The person posing as an ASP shows up, takes your money, doesn’t provide any services or might offer to “dance” (but more often than not does not), and leaves with the cash. See cash and dash, ROB. DAP Digital anal probe, see digital penetration, aka digits. date (1) A session with an ASP. (2) A person who patronizes an ASP. date rape drug Rohypnol (generic name flunitrazepam) has been associated with date rape, and has also been called the “Forget Pill,” “Trip-and-Fall,” and “Mind-Erasers.” In combination with alcohol, it can induce a blackout with memory loss and a decrease in resistance. Girls and women around the country have reported being raped after being involuntarily sedated with Rohypnol, which was often slipped into their drink by an attacker. The drug has no taste or odor so the victims don’t realize what is happening. About ten minutes after ingesting the drug, the woman may feel dizzy and disoriented, simultaneously too hot and too cold, or nauseated. She may experience difficulty speaking and moving, and then pass out. Such victims have no memories of what happened while under the drug’s influence. DATO Dining At The O. Analingus, oral stimulation of the anus. See also rimming and Asian. DATY Dine At The “Y”; cunnilingus. DDE Doesn’t Do Extras. Implies the ASP has a very limited and stringently adhered to menu. DDF Drug and Disease Free. DDG Drop Dead Gorgeous. DDP Double Digit Penetration (vagina and anus). deep throat or DT fellatio where the whole length of the penis is “swallowed”. defender A hobbyist who defends or “comes to the rescue” of a provider who has been reviewed or spoken of poorly, regardless of whether the review or comments are accurate, aka White Knight. deposit a payment in advance of a session. Deposits are usually used by ASPs as a hedge against no-shows. DFE Dead Fish Experience. DFF Dead Fish Fuck. DFK Deep French Kissing. Kissing with deep, substantial tongue contact. diesel dyke A very butch or manly lesbian, especially one who is very aggressive. digital penetration Insertion of the fingers (or toes) in the vagina or anus for the purpose of sexual stimulation. This has nothing to do with the insertion of digital devices up anyone’s orifice—hold on to those iPads! Dirty Sanchez When two people engage in anal sex, then the person who has been ‘giving it’ to the other’s ass takes his penis or penis-like implement and rubs it on the other person’s upper lip leaving a moustache. DIY Do It Yourself (masturbation). See also self-service. doggie style Rear entry position for sexual intercourse. See Spanish. Dominant In BDSM, a person who administers the training to a submissive. Often shortened to Dom. donation A euphemism for a payment to an ASP. Generally considered a feeble dodge against legal concerns: after all if you are giving the ASP a donation or gift, you are not paying for sex. double penetration when a person (generally a female) has two objects (generally penises) simultaneously inserted in any two of the mouth, anus or vagina (most commonly the anus and vagina). doubles A threesome with two ASPs. DP Double Penetration Digital Penetration Drag king A woman who dresses to look like a man, usually for performance. Drag kings are often lesbian, but not always. Drag queen A male who dresses like a female, usually for performance. DS doggiestyle. DSL Dick-sucking lips. DT or deep throat fellatio where the whole length of the penis is “swallowed”. dyke Another word for lesbian. Usually is only used by people who are gay, lesbian, bisexual or trans. A straight person using this word may offend some people. E Back to top ED Erectile Dysfunction. EE Erotic Enema. Ellie Law Enforcement. The euphemism stems from the fact that people would refer to Law Enforcement with the abbreviation, “LE”. When expressed phonetically it was confused with the female name, “Ellie“. Since confusion and chaos rule despite people’s best efforts—. EMA Extra-Marital-Affairs. Affairs after marriage, but before divorce. EMP European Massage Parlor (white girls). English Segment of bondage and discipline; including spanking /whipping. enhancements Implants, most commonly breast implants, but sometimes penile implants (depending upon context). envelope Often cash payments for an ASP’s services are placed in an envelope. Rather than handing the ASP cash directly, or discussing money, the envelope is left in a conspicuous location for the ASP to discreetly pick up. EOM End of Message. Used in a subject line of a forum post to indicate no further content in body of message—where the title is intended to be sufficient. escort definition An escort is an Adult entertainer who is compensated for his or her time and companionship. escort mall, mall A website that advertises many different ASPs. The ASPs may be independent or agency, and may or may not be associated with each other, or with the mall. F Back to top F2F A female doing something to (providing a service for) a female. f2m A female doing something to (providing a service for) a male. face painting Man ejaculates on woman’s face, aka facial or COF. face sitting In BDSM, a form of erotic humiliation, whereby the dom sits on the face of a sub to force oral-genital or oral-anal contact. facial Man ejaculates on woman’s face, aka face painting or COF. Fag hag A woman who likes homosexual males. Fairy A male homosexual. FBSM Full Body Sensual Massage. A massage usually ending with a hand job. Often times the provider is nude or topless, aka Body Rub, Sensual Massage. Spelled “FBSM+”, means “with a bonus” and usually means a BJ. fellatio Oral stimulation of the penis, aka Blow Job (BJ), ‘giving head’ (f2m or m2m). femme A feminine lesbian, cf. butch. FDAU Face down, ass up. FFF The strategy of “Find them, Fuck them, Forget them”. fisting The act or art of putting a fist in an anus or vagina. Apparently a very popular practice among more evolved (kinky) gays. It requires great care and huge amounts of lubrication. FIA Finger In Ass. FIR Finger In Rear.Fire and ice providing a blowjob with the mouth filled alternately with hot tea and ice. FIV Finger In Vagina, digital stimulations. Five-O A police officer (uniformed or undercover). The cultural reference stems from the 1970’s TV show “Hawaii 5-O”, which derived its name from the name for Hawaii State Police force. FJ Foot Job. Stimulation of the penis using feet and toes. FK French Kissing. FKK Frei Körper Kultur, German nudist subculture. FL Free Lance. flake One who exhibits flaky or erratic behavior. Often used to describe ASPs or hobbyists who no-show and/or have scheduling issues. FMF Threesome designation: female, male, female. FOB Fresh off the boat, a recent immigrant. FOBU Fat-Old-Bald-Ugly. FOTC Fuck Of The Century. FOV Finger Outside Vagina. FR Field Report, Fuck Review. Foot fetish aka Foot warship – intense sexual interest in the shape, size, smell, texture and other characteristic of a foot. French Oral stimulation of the penis. Fellatio. “Translated” = with a condom. “Untranslated” = without a condom. French Kissing Kissing on mouth with tongue contact French letter Condom. FS Full service. Sexual intercourse (coitus) to completion. FTF Fun To Fuck. FUD Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt. What some (asshole) posters try to spread when they post on public forums with false accusations of LE activity and STD outbreaks. full meal deal Sexual intercourse (coitus) to completion, aka Full Service. FUTB Finger Up The Butt. G Back to top Gayborhood A gayborhood is a gay-friendly neighborhood or an area of town where gays and lesbians are known to live. Gaydar The ability to determine who is and isn’t gay. Gay dirt An attractive young male used by the police to entrap homosexuals. gender expression The physical manifestation of one’s gender identity, usually expressed through clothing, mannerisms, and chosen names. gender identity A person’s internal sense of being a man or woman or boy or girl. For transgender people, their gender identity will not match the gender with which they were born. gender identity disorder A term used by physicians and psychologists to classify people who are transgender or transsexual. gender variance Behavior that is different from traditionally defined “masculine” in males and “feminine” in females. genderqueer Someone who transgresses boundaries of gender identity and sexual orientation. gentlemen only businessmen-only or professional-only. A subjective request used in ASP advertising as a pre-screen for clients. The ASP posts this in hopes of attracting a “better” clientele. Get brain Receive a blowjob. get comfortable Get naked. As a feeble dodge of law enforcement, an ASP may ask a client to “get comfortable” or “make yourself comfortable” before a session, this means to get fully undressed. GF Girlfriend. GFE Girlfriend Experience. A frequently used, but utterly nebulous term. It refers to a session that is more like lovemaking with a girlfriend than a commercial service, whatever that means! It generally implies more about the tone & tenor of the session than about specific services provided, but many believe GFE should include the possibility of DFK, DATY, UTF and a broad array of FS positions. GF3 Girlfriend experience with all three holes. girl crush When two women have strong feelings for one another, but not in a sexual way. A girl crush is strong infatuation that one woman has for another woman who seems beautiful, sophisticated, charming or accomplished. It usually refers to heterosexual women. Glory hole A literal hole in the wall between two spaces. The legendary purpose of this hole is to insert one’s penis in hopes of receiving an anonymous (this is the main thrill) handjob, blowjob or coitus. glove condom. GND Girl Next Door. GOG Girl-On-Girl. gokkon A variety of fetish that involves swallowing and/or ingesting copious amounts of semen by either a man or a woman. See also bukkake. Golden shower, GS Urinating on your partner, urine play. See also water sports. Gold star lesbian A lesbian who has never slept with a man and has no intention of ever sleeping with a man. Gorean A BDSM subculture owing its existence to the world of Gor from the novels by John Norman. Gorean philosophy assigns stereotypical, “natural” roles to genders. Greek anal sex; anal sexual intercourse; penetration of the anus by the penis. GSM G-Spot Massage. H Back to top Half & Half BJ followed by FS; a combination of both oral sex and sexual intercourse; fellatio & coitus. Handballing Inserting a fist (optionally – with a part of the forearm) into the rectum. hard sports Giving or receiving. Playing with feces, also known as scat play or brown showers. Hardwood floors Clean-shaven pubic area. Hasbian A woman who used to identify as a lesbian and dated women, but is now dating men. hat condom. HC High Class. HDH High Dollar Hottie. HE Happy Ending: usually a handjob or a blowjob after a massage. Herb friendly Is amenable to marijuana use, aka 420 friendly. A bit of advice: Adding drugs to your hobbying mix tends to give you a MUCH larger profile on Uncle Leo’s radar. An ASP, who has a rep for being herb friendly likely is getting way more attention from Uncle Leo than the more conservative hobbyists would prefer. HH Half Hour. HHHJ Half Hearted Hand Job. hidden charges An ASP takes the advertised fee upfront, but in the midst of the session she asks for more money for more services. (e.g. She might undress and give a massage for the advertised $$, but then ask for an additional $ for French, or $$ for FS, etc.), aka upselling. Hindu massage The woman contracts her vaginal muscles during sex to squeeze you to completion (Argentina). HJ or Handjob Masturbation; hand & finger stimulation of the penis by the ASP, aka hand release, manual release. HM High Mileage. A derogatory reference to the number of sexual partners a person may have had. Conveys an implication of showing the ‘wear and tear’ of the said mileage. HME Honeymoon Experience. Supposedly better than a GFE, and even more nebulous. It refers to a session that is comparable to the intensity and passion of lovemaking while on one’s honeymoon. Mostly marketing hype. hobby Slang, euphemistic reference to the business of a client enlisting the services of an ASP. hobbyist Slang, euphemistic reference to one who (actively) participates in ‘the hobby‘. homophobia Fear or dislike of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people. hooker Prostitute. Hostess club A lower end strip club where bargaining for sex acts with the dancers is acceptable, and some activities may occur on premises. Hotdogging Also hotdoggin’. The pseudo-sexual act of placing the penis between the butt cheeks of the receiving partner. The penis being the “Hotdog” and the butt cheeks being the “Bun”. There is no intercourse, and usually no ejaculation. This is mainly a comical practice, and usually enjoyed by the giver more than the receiver. See also Italian. HTUMA Her/His Tongue Up My Ass, analingus. human ashtray Waste receptacle at the services of superior human beings. humiliation Actions aimed to cause a submissive a feeling they long after. These are the things they normally don’t do, like wearing bizarre clothing, having sex in public, playing puppy or pony, or accepting verbal abuse. Hustler A male prostitute. Same as punk. HWP Height and Weight Proportional. “Normal” build. I Back to top Incall Client meet the ASP at her location. independent, indie An ASP who works on her own, without an agency affiliation. The ASP manages her own calls, bookings, advertising and finances. interpreter Condom (e.g. She spoke French without the aid of an interpreter = BBBJ). intersex A person born with ambiguous genitalia or genitalia of both sexes. Used to be called hermaphrodite. IPO Initial Public Offering. Used to denote the public introduction of a new ASP, usually via a review. ISO In Search Of. A post/inquiry looking for something (presumably ‘something’ specific). Italian Similar to Russian, but the penis is placed between the partner’s butt cheeks. See also hotdogging. J Back to top Jack Shack An establishment (massage parlor, lingerie modelling) that is not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and hand job, but more services might be available. Jimmy Hat A condom. John A man who patronizes prostitutes, a hobbyist. K Back to top K9 Canine, or doggy style. Kama Sutra or Kamasutra A Sanskrit treatise setting forth rules for sensuous and sensual pleasure, love, and marriage in accordance with Hindu law. KGFE Korean GFE: with CBJ rather than BBBJ. Kitty Vagina and/or surrounding areas. The words you can expect to see used together with K. are “bald”, “partly shaven”, “trimmed”, “natural”. L Back to top L/A/S Looks/Attitude/Service: A subjective ranking system where each criteria is separately ranked, from lowest (1) to highest (10). Examples: 2/9/8 = Unattractive, but very friendly and good sex. 10/5/4 = Model material, but a poor attitude, and mediocre sex. LASER Same as above + Expense and (would or wouldn’t) Repeat. labrys A double-sided axe that the Amazons were said to use as their main weapon. Lesbians have adopted the labrys as symbol of power and independence. Many lesbians wear necklaces or earrings with a labrys symbol as a way to identify themselves to other lesbians. Landing strip A style of pubic hair sculpting resulting in a narrow vertical strip. Lapdog A hobbyist who worships an ASP to excess. Lay down doggie Also lazy dog. Doggie style with woman flat on stomach. LD Lap dance. LDL Low dollar looker, the opposite of HTH. LE Law Enforcement. LEO Law Enforcement Officer. lesbian A woman who is sexually and emotionally attracted to other women. LFK Light French Kiss. Kissing with only light tongue involvement. LGBT An abbreviation for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender. Lipstick lesbian A woman who loves other women, but also loves her clothes and makeup and shoes. She tends to dress on the femme side. Little blue helper Viagra. LK Light Kissing (closed mouth). LMP Licensed Massage Practitioner. See also CMT. Can also mean “Latin Massage Parlor”. LMT Licensed Massage Therapist. See also CMT. Lone Star Lesbian A woman who has only had sex with one other woman in their life. Straight and bisexual people can be Lone Stars as well, but Lone Star Hetero doesn’t sound nearly as interesting. LOS Land of smiles, Thailand. lot lizard A prostitute that works primarily in truck stop parking lots (usually soliciting from a CB radio). LPIN Legal prostitute in Nevada. LTR Long Term Relationship. When an ASP drops out of the business for a very substantial stipend, paid weekly, or monthly for exclusivity she is said to be in a long term relationship. See also sugar daddy. M Back to top m2f A male doing something to (providing a service for) a female. m2m A male doing something to (providing a service for) a male. Madame Proprietress of an agency. Maid In a British parlour, the person who answers the phone and books the schedule. Mall Also escort mall. A website like Skipthegames.com that advertises a variety of escorts or ASPs. The ASPs may be independent or agency, and may or may not be associated with each other, or with the mall. Mamasan Female manager of an asian massage parlor. Man in a boat, little man in a boat Clitoris. Manual release Stimulation of the penis to orgasm using hand and fingers, aka hand job, hand release. Massage A method of treating the body for remedial or hygienic purposes, including but not limited to rubbing, stroking, kneading, or tapping with the hand or an instrument or both. It may, but does not necessarily, include sexual stimulation. Sensual Massage indicates a massage with sexual stimulation (usually a hand job). MBR Multiple Bell Ringing (MSOG). Mediterranean Anal sex or analingus, e.g. “She took me on a trip to the Mediterranean.”. See also Greek. Menu The services generally considered available from a particular ASP. merkin Pubic hair wig / toupee. Also, something George W. Bush has repeatedly said he is proud to be. MFF Threesome designation: Male, female, female. MFM Threesome designation: male, female, male. MG Massage Girl. MIB Man in blue, law enforcement officer. Mileage A subjective term that describes value for money and/or how accommodating an ASP is. Good mileage usually means she either charges less than average, provides better L/A/S than average, or both. MILF Mom/Mother I’d Like to Fuck. Missionary Also mish. A position for sexual intercourse where the man is on top. MJ Massage Job. ML Make Love Massage Lady MMF Threesome designation: male, male, female. Mohawk A pubic hair style leaving a narrow strip of hair in the middle of the pubic area, aka landing strip, muff hawk, cock mohawk. Monger Short for whore monger. One who frequents prostitutes. See also hobbyist. MP Massage Parlor Multiple Positions Multiple Pops (MSOG) MPA Massage Parlor Attendant. MPCFS Multiple Positions Covered Full Service. MPOS Multiple Positions Oral Sex. MSOG Multiple Shots On Goal, also Multiple Pops. The ASP allows you the opportunity to climax more than once during the session. Mummification Wrapping a person up with layers material in order to immobilize them (nose and mouth are left open for breathing). Used to induce the feeling of utter helplessness. Can be considered a form of sensory deprivation. N Back to top NC/NS, NCNS No Call / No Show. See also no-show. Newbie Newb, a novice hobbyist or novice ASP. NGP Non/Not Genuine Photos. NMG No-Money Guys. Hobbyists who are on a strict (generally low) budget for hobbying. Nooner A lunch-time or afternoon session, popular with married hobbyists. Non-pro A person who makes her/himself available for sexual encounters for financial gain only occasionally (possibly to meet some short-term financial needs). May be less discreet than a provider and more interested in a relationship. Some argue that ‘the line’ is more definitive: if you take money, then you are a professional. No-show When an ASP or hobbyist doesn’t show up for an appointment and has not contacted the other party in advance to cancel or warn of problems in making the appointment. A very annoying and, unfortunately, too common occurrence in the hobby. When the offending party doesn’t call afterwards to offer an explanation and/or apology the situation is referred to as a No-Show/No-Call (NS/NC) and is considered an even more egregious offense. No-touch No touching allowed. (e.g. no-touch Jack shack, no-touch strip club). NQBC Non-quitter, but covered. CBJ to completion. NQBS Non-quitter, but spitter. BBBJTC and spits your ejaculate. NQNS No Quit No Spit; oral sex performed to completion with swallowing. NSA No Strings Attached. NS/NC No Show / No Call. see also no-show. O Back to top O, O’s Orgasm or orgasms. Off the clock Activities that occur with an ASP that she chooses not to charge for. (e.g. “We had lunch off-the-clock“). ONS One Night Stand. OTC Oral To Completion. Fellatio to orgasm. Out As in “outed”. Private, personal information on a hobbyist or an ASP is made public. e.g. Someone’s real name and address is posted to a public forum. Outcall The ASP comes to the client’s location. Out of the closet Being open about one’s (LGBT) sexual orientation. OVK Over the knee spanking – bending a submissive over one’s knee and striking his or her buttocks with either an open hand or a cane, paddle, whip, etc. OVN Overnight. OWO Oral Without, fellatio without a condom, aka BBBJ, UTF. OWOTC Oral Without Condom To Completion. P Back to top P2P Privates to privates: rubbing genitalia together without insertion. P4P Pay for Play. Refers to the concept of paying for sex. Papasan Male manager of an asian massage parlor. Party favors Drugs. Party hat Condom. PFF Pussy For Free (a myth). Pearl necklace Man ejaculates on woman’s neck and/or chest, trying to produce a white ‘decoration’. Pegging Anal penetration of a male by a female with the help of either a buttplug or strap-on. PIITB Put it in the bum/butt. Pillow queen Someone who likes to be on the receiving end of sex without much reciprocation. Pimp A person (generally a man) who solicits clients for a prostitute. Pink boxing A slang term for anal or vaginal fisting. PIV Penis in Vagina. PL Pathetic Loser. PM Prostate massage or Private message (on a forum). PO Phone operator. Ponygirl or ponyboy A popular roleplay fantasy that sees the submissive transform into a pony with the help of a harness, reins, gag bit, and a tail attached to a butt plug. The “pony” is expected to prance and/or pull a cart. Pooner A hobbyist who is immersed in the hobby culture. He may be very involved with the review boards and/or private exchange of information on ASPs and the hobby. Pop, pops Orgasms. An ASP may allow a client to have more than one orgasm during the session (e.g. more than one or multiple pops allowed). POS Pussy on the Side. Usually referring to hobbyists in relationships who are getting some POS. Power dyke A lesbian who has gained a position of power, either within the LGBT community, or in the world at large. Professional-only Also gentleman-only, businessmen-only. A subjective request used in ASP advertising as a pre-screen for clients. The ASP posts this in hopes of attracting “better” clientele. Provider Prostitute. PS Private Show (Dance only). PV Private Viewing (Dance only). PSE Porn Star Experience. A session that gives the feeling of being in a Porn or XXX Movie or like having a date with a Porn Star. As with the Girlfriend Experience (GFE), a PSE is not very well defined and definitions will vary wildly. It generally refers more to the tone & tenor of the session (totally wild!) than to specific services provided, but many believe PSE should include the possibility of DATY, UTF, Greek, DFK, NQNS, Russian, COF and a broad array of FS positions. Puffies or puffers Breasts where the entire areola appears ‘puffy’, enlarged, or swollen. Punk A male prostitute. Punter A British slang term for a hobbyist. Pup play A variant of animal play where a submissive acts like a puppy: barks, whines, eats from a bowl, and generally obeys the master or faces punishment. PV Private Viewing. A session that is most often limited to a striptease and self-service. Usually in the context of a Strip Club. PVC Polyvinyl chloride. In skin-tight fetish clothing, a shiny substitute for more expensive materials: leather, rubber and latex. “PVC” is also used as a generic term for PVC proper, latex, vinyl and leather. PW Pussy Whipped. Adjective describing a guy controlled by a girl because she gives him sex. PYT Pretty Young Thing. Q Back to top Queef An emission of air from the vagina, especially when noisy, aka vaginal fart or vart. R Back to top R & T Rub and Tug. A massage followed by a hand job. RA Relaxation Assistant. Raincoat condom. Raw Sex without condom. RCA Reverse Cowgirl Anal. RCG See Reverse cowgirl. Red wings The ‘badge’ a hobbyist earns for performing oral sex (cunnilingus) on an ASP who is menstruating. REQ Request. Used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains a request for information. See also 411. REV Review. Used in the subject line of a post to indicate the body contains review of an ASP. Reverse cowgirl Woman rides on top, facing away. Reverse half-and-half Sexual intercourse followed by oral sex to completion. Reverse massage The client massages the ASP. Reverse oral The client performs oral sex on the ASP. Review A critical evaluation of a provider. May include information on her looks, attitude and service. Rimming or rimjob Analingus; oral stimulation of the anus. RLD Red Light District. Area rich with prostitution. RMP Russian massage parlor. R.O.B. or ROB Run/Rip Off Bitch. Individuals posing as providers take the money and run without providing any services, aka Cash and Dash. Role play Also roleplay. Acting out sexual fantasies in a specific scenario, where participants are assigned roles: dog – owner, nurse – patient, teacher – student, etc. Role reversal Same as pegging – penetration of male’s anus by a female with a strap-on dildo Roman An orgy. RPG Role playing games. Roman shower Vomit play. RTF Return To Fuck. RTFF Read The Fucking Forum. Rubber 1) Material popular with BDSM practitioners for its tactile characteristics; 2) Items – primarily special clothing – made of this material; compare to PVC; 3) Condom. Russian Rubbing a penis between ASP‘s breasts. Usually results in pearl necklace. Russian (in Australia) Short sex session, aka a “Quickie”. S Back to top Safe Sexual activity in which various measures, such as the use of condoms or dental dams, are taken to avoid diseases transmitted by sexual contact. e.g. All activities were safe. San Juan Capistrano BBBJTC and the ASP swallows. See also CIM, BBBJNQNS, birdwatching. Sandbag, sandbagger A subjective term for a review (or reviewer) that attempts to mislead the reader by giving unwarranted praise to a provider. Sans Without. e.g. She provided French sans beret = BBBJ. Scat Defecation on one’s partner or feces play. Screening An ASP or agency does a pre-session background check on a new client. E.g. collecting verifiable personal info such as the hobbyist’s real name, place of employment, home or work phone, home or work address, and/ or a referral from a trusted provider. Upfront deposits may also be used as a screening tool to hedge against no-shows. Self-review Also Self-post. An ASP or agency poses as a hobbyist, and posts a highly positive review of herself or agency to increase business. Self service Masturbation. e.g. “It was a self-servicejack shack” = no contact with the dancer, but the man can masturbate. Semi pro An escort whose main source of income is something other than escorting. Sensory deprivation Restricting somebody’s ability to see, hear, smell, taste and/or touch through the use of blindfolds, earmuffs, hoods, etc. Sensual Massage Also SM. Indicates a massage with sexual stimulation (usually a hand job). Session The time spent with an ASP. Sex worker Catch all phrase sometimes used to describe prostitutes. May also be used in the context of strippers, peep show workers, topless waitresses. SFH Sex For Hire. SG Street Girl. Shemale Transsexual, particularly one who is living as a woman, but hasn’t had SRS. Penis may or may not get erect. Shill A person who writes unsolicited positive commentary about an ASP in a discussion forum to ‘suck up’ to the ASP or who writes unwarranted positive reviews in exchange for discounts or special favors from an ASP or agency. Shots on goal Attempts to reach orgasm. e.g. ‘She allows multiple shots on goal’ means she allows more than one orgasm per session if the client is able and interested. See MSOG. Sixty nine Partners perform oral sex on each other simultaneously. See also 69. . Slam, slammed An unwarranted or overzealous harsh review or abusive criticism of an ASP or agency. Snowball ASP takes ejaculate in her mouth and returns it via kissing to the ejaculator. SO Significant Other. Spouse or partner in a (non-casual) relationship. SOG Shot(s) on goal, attempt(s) at orgasm. Soixante-neuf 69. Partners perform oral sex on each other simultaneously. See also 69. SOMF Sat On My Face. SOP Stantard Operating Procedure. South of the border Genital region. Southern France Fellatio without a condom. See also French, BBBJ. SP Service Provider, prostitute. See also ASP. Spanish (Australian usage) Penis between her breasts, Russian. Spanish (USA usage) Penis, finger or toy comes out of the ASP’s ass, and goes directly into the ASP’s mouth. See also Dirty Sanchez, ATM. spanking Slapping or striking somebody’s buttocks with the palm of the hand or an object like paddle, hairbrush, slapper, etc. A form of punishment / humiliation. Spinner A very petite provider. So petite in fact, she could easily spin around the client’s erect penis in a position like Asian Cowgirl. One possible etymology: from the action reminiscent of the 1970’s toy, “Sit ‘n’ Spin”. Squirting, squirter Female ejaculation, an ASP who ejaculates. SRS Sexual Reassignment Surgery. ST Short Time. Starfish Anus or Unresponsive ASP. STD Sexually Transmitted Disease. Sting A female police officer poses as an ASP to apprehend unsuspecting clients, or a male police officer poses as a client to apprehend unsuspecting ASPs. Stone butch lesbian A lesbian who gets her pleasure from pleasing her partner. She does not like to be touched sexually. STR Short Term Relationship. Street action Prostitution that is solicited on public streets. Prostitutes (usually on foot) are picked up by clients in motor vehicles. Sexual acts may occur in the vehicle, or at another agreed upon location. Stroll A street, strip, or neighborhood that sees heavy street action. Submission In BDSM, giving freely of oneself for the pleasures of others, subordinating oneself (with agreed upon limits). Submissive In BDSM, a person trained by a dominant. Often shortened to Sub. See Submission. Sunshine, sunny Without a condom (i.e. no raincoat). SW Street walker Sex Worker Sybian A mechanical sex device shaped as a half-barrel with a dildo mounted in the middle. SYT Sweet Young Thing. T Back to top Take care of business Payment is made to provider. e.g. “She wanted to take care of business first.”. Teabag, teabagging To dunk ones scrotum into the open mouth of another person. Tie and tease A game of control over a partner’s orgasm with common use of physical restraints. Often a part of tease and denial. Tease and denial Also known as erotic denial, orgasm denial. A mild sexual torture in which a high state of sexual arousal is maintained for an extended time without climax. TAMP Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor. TER The erotic reviews site, adult services classifieds board, and hobby discussion forums. TG Transgender. Catch-all term for transvestites, transsexuals, shemales, and CDs. TGTBT Too Good To Be True. Throne job Self-service. Refers to an establishment that doesn’t offer FS. The premises will only have a large chair or “throne” for you to sit on and masturbate while the woman dances for you. Tina Crystal meth. Tipping required The ASP demands more than the advertised price in order to perform, or bargains hard for various services. See also upselling, hidden charges. To completion Until orgasm. TOFTT Take One For The Team. What a hobbyist is said to do when they see an enigmatic ASP. Some argue that a hobbyist is only TOFTT when the experience ends up to be a bad experience. Others argue that if the hobbyist doesn’t report back in some way, e.g., with a review, then the hobbyist has not TOFTT. Top In homosexual parlance: the active partner. In BDSM: the dominant. Toss the salad Analingus. Training 1) BDSM slavery; a way of letting the Submissive understand that the Dominant is their master. 2) Any specific scenario used to convey the message from #1: slave training, pup training, pony training, etc. Trans, tranny An inclusive term, encompassing transgender, transsexual and other gender variant people. Transgender A person whose gender expression is different from how society says they are “supposed” to be. Transgender can be an umbrella term for cross-dressers, transsexuals, intersex people and other gender-variant individuals. Transsexual A person with the urge to be the opposite sex. They may or may not choose to have gender reassignment surgery. Translated French, TF Oral sex with a condom. Translation, translator Condom, e.g., “She spoke fluent French without a translator” = BBBJ. Transvestite A person who sometimes wears clothes traditionally worn by and associated with the opposite sex; typically a male who cross-dresses occasionally by habit or compulsion. Trick A sex act for money, as in ‘She is turning tricks‘. A man who patronizes prostitutes, as in ‘That trick was a FOBU’. Tri F A devotee to the “Find them, Fuck them, Forget them” strategy. Trip to islands Greek, anal. Also a “tour of the islands”. Trolling The act of driving around looking for a prostitute. As in cruising. Posting to a discussion board with the intent to anger or incite others. One who does so is referred to as a ‘troll’. TS Transsexual. A person with the urge to be the opposite sex. They may or may not choose to have gender reassignment surgery. Table Shower. TTA Tight Tan Ass. Tuft Pubic hair. TUMA Tongue Up My Ass. Turning tricks Prostitution. TV Transvestite. A person who sometimes wears clothes traditionally worn by and associated with the opposite sex; typically a male who cross-dresses occasionally by habit or compulsion. TVSW Transvestite Street Walker. Two Call System The general location is revealed during the first call; location specifics are revealed on the second call. U Back to top Uncle Leo A law enforcement officer. umbrella Condom. Uncovered, or untranslated Without a condom. Upselling An ASP takes the advertised fee upfront, but in the midst of the session she asks for more money for more services. (e.g. She might undress and give a massage for the advertised $$, but then ask for an additional $ for French, or $$ for FS, etc.), aka hidden charges. UTF Untranslated French. Oral sex without a condom. UTR Under The Radar; an ASP who maintains a very low profile; generally does not advertise, does not accept reviews, does not have a website and does not participate in hobby forums. V Back to top verbal humiliation / abuse Issuing insults and negative epithets to produce belittlement, from which excitement and/or arousal can be obtained. Giving is done by the dominant, who produces the humiliation, while receiving is done by the submissive, who is the object. Vanilla Plain genital sex without any extras. W Back to top WAH Wild Ass Humping. water sports Urination play. see also golden shower. Wax play Dripping melted wax on the submissive‘s naked skin. This activity requires thorough understanding of the material that the candles are made of. Eyewear is recommended. Weeklies Alternative weekly newspapers. These often contain various adult service listings, including massage and escort advertisements. e.g. The Village Voice, San Francisco Bay Guardian, The Stranger. WF Wild Fuck. WG Working Girl. A prostitute. Whip In the strictest sense, a strip of leather attached to a handle, whip commonly describes any object used for beating a submissive: whips proper, canes, crops, paddles, slappers, etc. See English. White knight A hobbyist who defends or “comes to the rescue” of a provider who has been reviewed or spoken of poorly, regardless of whether the review or comments are accurate, aka defender. Whoremonger One who habitually patronizes prostitutes. WIR Would I Repeat, Would I Return, Would I Recommend. With With a condom (e.g. French with = CBJ). Without Without a condom. (e.g. French without = BBBJ). WL Working Lady. WOA Word of Advice. Womyn An alternative spelling of woman or women often favored by feminists. Working girl A prostitute. WTF What the f#$k. Y Back to top YL Young Lady. YMMV Your Mileage May Vary. A overused, common sense disclaimer meant to convey that an ASP may do things with one person, but not with another. Often used as a caveat, “Don’t accuse me of a false report if she doesn’t do the same with you.”. YMMV Girl An ASP who is known for being inconsistent in her attitude and service. i.e. Gets hot and cold reviews. Other common internet abbreviations Back to top AAMOF As A Matter Of Fact. ADN Any Day Now. AFAHMASP A Fool And His Money Are Soon Parted. AFAIAC As Far As I Am Concerned. AFAIK As Far As I Know. AIMB As I Mentioned Before. ASAD All-Singing All-Dancing. ATM At The Moment. ATST At The Same Time. BION Believe It Or Not. BOGOF Buy One Get One Free. BRB Be Right Back. BRBBRB Be Right Back – Bathroom Break. BRBCB Be Right Back – Coffee Break. BRLCFH Broke Ribs Laughing, Call For Help. BTSOOM Beats The Stuffing Out Of Me. BTW By The Way. CYA Cover Your Ass. DC Double-Click. DILIGA (S | F | D) Do I look like I give a (S**t) (F**k) (Damn) ?. ETHOM Excuse The Hell Out of Me. FOOMCBASL Falling Out Of My Chair Busting A Spleen Laughing. FKA Formerly Known As. FUBAR Fouled Up Beyond All Repair/Recognition. FWIW For What Its Worth. FYI For Your Information. FYR For Your Records. GD&R Grin, Duck and Run. IAC In Any Case. IANALB I Am Not A Lawyer But. ICOCBW I Could, Of Course, Be Wrong. IM(H)O In My (Humble) Opinion. IOW In Other Words. ISO In Search Of. ISTR I Seem To Remember. IWIK I Wish I knew. KIT Keep In Touch. L&G Latest And Greatest. LMK Let Me Know. LOL Laughing Out Loud. LTNS Long Time No See. LUKHITO Let Us Know How It Turns Out. MBWA Management By Wandering Around. MMF Make Money Fast (scam). NIMBY Not In My Back Yard. NTYMI Now That You Mention It. NP No Problem. OMG Oh My God/Gosh. OTOH On The Other Hand. OP Original Post or Original Poster. PEBKAC Problem Exists Between Keyboard And Chair. PEBMAC Problem Exists Between Monitor And Chair. PM[F]JI Pardon Me [For] Jumping In. QQ Quick Question. ROFL Rolls On Floor Laughing. ROTFLMAO Rolling On The Floor Laughing My Ass Off. TFX Too Flippin’ eXpensive. TIA Thanks In Advance. TLD Topless lap dance. TPTB, PTB The Powers That Be. TTBOMK To The Best Of My Knowledge. TTYL Talk To You Later. TWT Time Will Tell. WAD Working As Designed. WAS Wait And See. WTHDIK What The Hell Do I Know. YHBT You Have Been Trolled. YMMV Your mileage may vary, your experience may be different. Back to top Popular male provider ads Popular male provider photos Popular male provider photos Most read escort articles Escort terms, sex definitions and abbreviations in escort ads The good, bad and ugly of porn star escorts 10 Hollywood stars you won’t believe used to escort Tips from an escort: What to expect from an escort How to craft up-market escort ads that work Related articles 13 reasons why you did not like your session with an escort 12 things to understand before submitting your offbeat request to an escort Escort as a life coach? Escorting the powers that be Artful escorting All escort articles ©Skipthegames.com About Contact Privacy Terms Escort Info How can we make the site better for you?
https://theotherboard.com/users/90632|_|× Notes Save Close × Details Close You have a Pending Reference from USER NAME(s) To clear this message, scroll down the page and Give Reference or Reject the request. Close Login Join All Content All Content Advanced Search Ads Reviews Forum Forums Staff Online Users 411 Why Join Client Provider Help Client Provider Activity All Activity Search More More Melissa Sterling's Profile My Ads Melissa Sterling Colorado Springs melissasterlingfantacy@yahoo.com (719) 203-8536 Personal Website Send Message Forum Stats Stats: Age: 41 Weight: 160 Height: 5'3" Measurements: 38DDD-27-38 Tattoos: None Hair Color: Brown Piercings: None Ethnicity: Caucasian Body Type: Curvy Eyes: Green Grooming: Landing Strip Smoker: No Breasts: Natural × OK Galleries Melissa References: Private Reviews (75) Hover over the Review, click to expand and read entire review, click to collapse Legend: S= Service Provided as Expected, # = Number of Reviews, Date = Review Submitted S Reviewer # Date Yes j-some 2 8/18/16 Seen on 8/17/16 Time: 30 min Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: In-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Smoking: Unknown Pictures Accurate: Unknown Independent Provider Consenting Adult Activities: UTF, Kissing Description of Session: I have seen Melissa for a little while on TOB and I finally decided to see her. I am very glad that I did. I went to her incall and she was still moving in but by no means was her place messy or cluttered. She has an amazing voice and she is very cute. Melissa is an extremely sweet person. After getting to know each other for a little bit we started in on the action. My french lesson and it was outstanding!! I wanted to do more but I didn't want to ask since I only set up a QV/ french lesson and thought it would be rude to ask. I will for sure be seeing her again and I can not wait but next time I will see her for longer! Age: 41 Hair Color: Brown Tattoos: None Piercings: None Body Type: Curvy Ethnicity: Caucasian Eyes: Green Grooming: Landing Strip Smoker: No Breasts: Natural Measurements: 38DDD-27-38 Yes WT36 6 7/29/16 Seen on 7/28/16 Time: 1 hr Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: Out-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Smoking: Unknown Pictures Accurate: Yes Independent Provider Additional Website Link: https://theotherboard.com/users/90632 Consenting Adult Activities: LFK/ DFK, DATY, UTF, HJ Description of Session: Set up was easy thru P411. She was on time, Looked great. We chatted and got to know each other. She makes you feel very comfortable. Goes over very short list of rules. The fun begins, We both love to give and receive oral. She laid back and enjoyed until massive O. Had to take a short break to come down. Then my turn. She is one of the best UTF ever. She has earned the reputation she has. Age: 41 Hair Color: Brown Tattoos: None Piercings: None Body Type: Curvy Ethnicity: Caucasian Eyes: Green Grooming: Landing Strip Smoker: No Breasts: Natural Measurements: 38DDD-27-38 Yes ParknRide 3 7/25/16 Seen on 7/6/16 Time: 2 hrs Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: Out-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Smoking: Not that I could tell Pictures Accurate: Yes Independent Provider Additional Website Link: https://melissasterling4you.wordpress.com Consenting Adult Activities: FS Description of Session: Reached out as directed and after screening we set up an encounter for the following evening. Communication was fantastic and Melissa even touched base as she thought traffic may be an issue. After some getting to know you chatting and some shared wine we moved on to some wonderful adult activities. Fellas she's sweet, spicy, the right amount of feisty and quite gifted. Everything was quite enjoyable and I am eager to call again. As far as the 719 goes we're lucky to have such good times right here. Don't delay gents! Age: 41 Hair Color: Brown Tattoos: None Piercings: None Body Type: Curvy Ethnicity: Caucasian Eyes: Green Grooming: Landing Strip Smoker: No Breasts: Natural Measurements: 38DDD-27-38 Yes timturtle 13 7/12/16 Seen on 7/4/16, 2 Girl Show Time: 1 hr Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: In-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Smoking: Not that I could tell Pictures Accurate: Unknown Independent Provider Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service Description of Session: Had a great time with Melissa Sterling. It was the first time we met. We gathered together with Savannah DeVerioux. The three of us had a fantastic time together. It was the most fun I've had with two women at the same time. They both made me feel real good. Age: 41 Hair Color: Brown Tattoos: None Piercings: None Body Type: Curvy Ethnicity: Caucasian Eyes: Green Grooming: Landing Strip Smoker: No Breasts: Natural Measurements: 38DDD-27-38 Yes gr8owl 5 6/25/16 Seen on 6/25/16 Time: 1 hr Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: In-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Smoking: Not that I could tell Pictures Accurate: Unknown Independent Provider Consenting Adult Activities: BBBJ, DATY, laughter Description of Session: Way, way back when I first started lurking the internet version of the escort world, there was said to be a legendary creature in these southern realms who was truly unique in oral skills, humor, fun and making a john feel comfortable and sending him off with a grin. I have no idea why I waited so long to see said lovely creature but I finally got around to it. I can now verify that the legends were true. Thank you, dear Melissa for a wonderful time. Guys, if you want a young, skinny, airhead cheerleader type look elsewhere, but you will almost certainly be missing out on the above traits of lore. What else is there to say? Age: 41 Hair Color: Brown Tattoos: None Piercings: None Body Type: Curvy Ethnicity: Caucasian Eyes: Green Grooming: Landing Strip Smoker: No Breasts: Natural Measurements: 38DDD-N/A-N/A Yes crazyb 32 6/15/15 Seen on 6/16/15 Time: 1.5 hrs Upselling: No Location: DenverIn-Call/Out-Call: In-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Pictures Accurate: Unknown Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service,MSOG,UTF,DATY,Light Kissing,French Kissing,Russian Description of Session: I had the chance to see Melissa, setup was easy and very quick. The morning of I called her and she gave me great direction to her incall. Melissa answered the door and was the woman I have seen in pictures. After a bit of chit chat and getting to know each other we she covered her rules witch took about one second. The main rule was have fun!!! She started with great UTF and allowed me to return the favor, the it was her turn for some more UTF. On went the cover and then we really had fun, after her having several O's it was my turn. After I was done she cleaned me up and we laid there catching our breath. Melissa was very nice to talk to. We talked about many things that interested both of us until I saw the clock and knew my time was up and she never even looked at the clock. I think we probably could have spent more time talking, I got dressed and headed home thinking about my time I just spent with a legend in this hobby Thanks Melissa Yes fortysomething 15 1/7/15 Seen on 1/8/15 Time: 1 hr Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: In-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Pictures Accurate: Unknown Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service,UTF,DATY,French Kissing Description of Session: All I can do is echo previous reviews. Melissa is your destination for GFE. Smart, educated, and a great personality. Good incall. You know the rest. What are you waiting for? Yes bukketlyst 17 11/25/14 Seen on 11/26/14 Time: 1.5 hrs Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: In-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Pictures Accurate: Unknown Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service,UTF,DATY,Light Kissing,French Kissing,Hand Job Description of Session: I saw Melissa again this weekend. It had been awhile since I made the trip to the Springs, but she is well worth the drive. I always have a great time with her, and this time was no exception. I don't know what I can say about her that hasn't been said before, but just know that she is an absolute treasure and one of the most fun ladies you will ever spend time with. All of the above activities were performed with enthusiasm and she seemed to have as great a time as I did. Thanks again, Melissa! Yes Bit Banger 39 9/14/14 Seen on 9/15/14 Time: 1.5 hrs Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: In-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Pictures Accurate: Unknown Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service,UTF,French Kissing Description of Session: I'd been trying to see Melissa for some time, but life events kept getting in the way. We finally connected and I drove down to CoSprings for lunch and playtime. I've known Melissa for several years, so we had some catching up to do over lunch first. Then we retired to her place for more intimate activities (listed above). Would I recommend Melissa? Most definitely! She has a sweet personality and consummate skills. Will I see her again? Most definitely! We have already discussed a more extended visit. Yes CmdrData 4 8/22/14 Seen on 8/23/14 Time: 1 hr Upselling: No Location: DenverIn-Call/Out-Call: Out-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Pictures Accurate: Unknown Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service,UTF,Light Kissing,French Kissing Description of Session: A rare opportunity to see Melissa in the Denver area came up a couple of weeks ago. When I saw that she would be here on a Sunday I sent her a message immediately. She did not have a formal incall and preferred doing an outcall which was perfect for me. She showed up on time and after some conversation the fun began. Melissa is a great, passionate lady and absolutely fun to be with. All activities were performed with enthusiasm. In her posts she says that she has an total fixation and I certainly got 'fixated' with a very nice NQNS finish. I lucked out and was the only one to schedule with her that day. Too bad gents, now school has started and she will not be back in the Denver area until next May. Even if it takes a trip to the Springs I would definitely recommend seeing her. Yes 2small 10 8/4/14 Seen on 8/5/14 Time: 1.5 hrs Upselling: No Location: DenverIn-Call/Out-Call: Out-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Pictures Accurate: Unknown Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service,MSOG,UTF,DATY,Light Kissing Description of Session: I saw Melissa on one of her trips to Denver. We had talked before and were finally able to set something up. Melissa has two of the cutest, biggest tits in the Denver area. I love her cute little nipples and attractive areola. We met at my hotel and Melissa was on time and came in dressed casual. We talked forever getting to know each other and then down to business. I performed daty on her and she enjoyed it very much. She was clean and tasted good. she had an earth shattering orgasm and was quite excited. she then gave me a bbbj and then had the patience of a saint as I tried to get my little head to work. overall a great visit and I would do her again. Yes bigjimf150-1514 11 5/29/14 Seen on 5/30/14 Time: 1 hr Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: In-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Pictures Accurate: Unknown Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service Description of Session: Had a great time with Melissa. She runs a clean incall, and is extremely friendly and personable. Activities were a little limited because she tweaked her knee working out; however, her "oral fixation" is legit and fantastic. Overall, had a great time with her. Yes DoubleOaked 11 5/25/14 Seen on 5/26/14 Time: 1.5 hrs Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: Out-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Pictures Accurate: Unknown Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service,DATY,Light Kissing,French Kissing Description of Session: Had been too long a time since I had seen Melissa. She is such a natural in this business, I always know I am going to have a great time with her. We connected and set up our rendezvous for my hotel room a week before. Had some potential changes due to work requirements. Always the professional, Melissa was willing to accommodate whatever schedule my work would allow for some free time. Melissa is the consummate courtesan, never a clock watcher, one of Colorado's finest. We always have a great time, but this time, I introduced her to the female condom. After getting her going with DATY, she let me insert it, which was fun. Then started in mish and she agreed the sensation is great. Closest thing to BBFS feeling while still being protected. She was enjoying it as I was, then I remembered that her favorite position, like most ladies is K9. So, we switched to K9 and continued for as long as I could. We both finished there and collapsed in mutual ecstasy. Gentlemen, if you have not had the privilege of spending some time with Melissa, then I highly recommend you book an appointment with her soon. She is truly a talented class act and a pleasure to see. Yes Falstaff 42 5/24/14 Seen on 5/25/14 Time: 1.5 hrs Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: In-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Pictures Accurate: Unknown Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service,MSOG,UTF,DATY,French Kissing Description of Session: What a wonderful, toe-curling experience! Hadn't seen Melissa for a couple of years, and i shouldn't have waited so long to return. Her ads say she has an oral fixation; that's absolutely accurate, and she is one of the best ever, with amazing stamina. She was also highly responsive (putting it mildly!) to DATY; we just seemed to click there. And the main event was similarly explosive for both of us. A memorable afternoon! Yes eruptiner-3282 4 3/29/14 Seen on 3/30/14 Time: 1 hr Upselling: No Location: Colorado SpringsIn-Call/Out-Call: In-Call Service provided as expected?: Yes Would you recommend?: Yes Pictures Accurate: Unknown Consenting Adult Activities: Full Service,UTF,DATY,Light Kissing,French Kissing Description of Session: Guys...Melissa is absolutely a sweetheart. Takes her time to know about you and is a blast to play with. I WILL definitely see again...was such an enjoyable meeting. Not only is she gorgeous and sexy....she is a smart sweet person. Load More Site Rules | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | 2257 Exemption | Contact Us TheOtherBoard.com © 2016 × Login Join Ads Reviews Forum Back Forums Staff Online Users 411 Why Join Back Client Provider Help Back Client Provider Activity Back All Activity Search
https://www.divaescort.com/girls/anastacia/|_|+44 79 56 91 86 86 10am - 1am +44 77 96 833 583 10am - 1am Home Gallery Booking Employment Reviews Blog Newsletters Members Area New girls escorts Recommended escorts International from £150 from £200 from £300 DUO Choose gallery Recommended escorts New girls escorts A-level-escorts CIM escorts Russian escorts 30 minutes escorts Petite escorts Couples service Busty escorts Blonde escorts Brunette escorts Role play escorts Mature escorts Domination services Party girls escorts Asian escorts Brazilian escorts International Diva escorts Choose girl by location Aldgate Aldgate East Antibes Baker street Battersea Bayswater Bond street Canary Wharf Cannes Earl's Court Edgware Road Euston Square Euston Station Finchley Road Fullham Broadway Gloucester Road Great Portland Street Green park High Street Kensington Holland Park Hyde Park Corner Imperial Wharf Kensington Kensington Olympia Knightsbridge Lancaster Gate Marble Arch Marylebone Monaco Moscow New York Nice Notting Hill Gate Out-calls Only Outcalls only Oxford Circus Paddington Piccadilly circus Pimlico Queensway Regent's Park Royal Oak Russia Moscow Singapore Sloane Square South Kensington St John's Wood Tower Hill UAE Dubai Victoria Warren Street Warwick Avenue West Brompton West Kensington Choose girl by name Abelia Adah Adelice Adonia Aisana Akkulina Alice Alissia Amandie Blonde Ambria Amelly Blonde Amora Andrada Angelina Angy Anina Annoushka Antoinette Anya Astrid Atalanta Augustine Axelle Bailey Belladonna Blanka Britta Caitlin Calypso Cambria Cara Carlotta Carol Casey Catalonia Catherine Chance Charlize Cissy Clarice Cleopatra Coco Cornelia Danica Darcie Deborah Delilah Delizia Della Delvene Demetria Diana Dita Dolly Dominika Dominique Eda Edith Eleanor Elrica Emilia Emma Blonde Erin Esmeralda Etna Fabiana Felicidad Fergie Flaviana Fleta Francesca Gabeta Galia Garcia Gema Generosa Gigi Giorgia Giovanna Giselle Glenda Glory Goldy Grace Gulara Harmony Harper Brunette Heidi Helen Herleen Hermine Ilaria Iolanda Iona Irma Isabella Iskra Ivory Janetta Jasmine Brunette Jennison Jesey Jessica Jillian Joanna Jocasta Jodelle Johnica Jolene Jolie Juanita Julieta Julya Kalet Kara Karensa Karolyn Katrya Keisha Kelsey Kennedy Kika Killy Kimberlee Kimmy Kristy Ksenya Lacreta Laduree Laduree and Cornelia Latifa Laura Laurette Lavender Lea Lena Lena Moscow Leyda Lien Liliana Lisette Lois Lorraine Luana Lucinda Ludmilla Lulu Mafalda Magara Maggie Makenzie Malika Mallory Malvina Manilla Marcella Maribel Brunette Marina Marissa Markiza Marykeit Marykeit and Madora Marylou Matilda Maxine Maya Mayda Mayra Melisandra Menaka Meredith Michelle Milli Miorita Miracle Miriam Mistress Becca Mistress Janetta Mona Moon Morgan Mylene Myrcella Brazilian Natty Negina Nika Moscow Nikolette Noleta Nurel Olivette Ondria Paige Panna Parker Pascale Peach Pelageya Pepita Pia Pompeya Presley Rhonda Ricki Rikarda Robertina Rochelle Roddy Rona Roney Rosalyn Rosy Roxella Roxy Roya Russo Sarita Scarlet Selena Selena Brunette Selina Shaine Shakira Shannon Shelton Shirley Sibylla Siena Sofina Soledad Sonia Stephanie Sugar Synthia Tala Tami Tasha Taylor Teela Tira Trisha Uma Unity Valeria Valora Vitally Vlasta Whitney Winter Yasia Yasmina Yasmina and Julieta Yummy Zara Zerlina Zulmira Zuza Search Scarlet Previous Next Age 23 Height 5'2" 158cm Breast size 32A (70A) Dress size 6 Hair colour Brunette Nationality Eastern European Language English Orientation Bi Location Edgware Road Nearby Marylebone, Baker street, Paddington Map View on a map Services FK, WS, Uniforms, Role play, Deep throat, COB, CIM, CIF, Bi DUO, Couples, GFE, OWO, Toys, Couples extra 100, DT at her discretion! Uniforms: School girl and secretary All services are provided based on lady's sole discretion Rates time in-call out-call 1 hour 600 600 90 minutes 800 800 2 hours 1000 1000 Overnight 2500 2500 Dinner Date 1400 1400 Overnight is 9 hours long Info To see Scarlet please call us 07796 833 583 or use our Punternet review Punternet review 2   Barely into her twenties, Scarlet is one of our young escorts providing our ever popular girlfriend experience escort service.  Standing just 5 feet 3 inches tall with a tiny size 6 body and perky 32B breasts, Scarlett may look the picture of innocence but this pretty brunette escort knows exactly how to ensure that your date is filled with fun and excitement.   She may be one of our youngest petite escorts but her commitment to providing satisfaction is second to none.  Available throughout the day until 9pm you’d better make sure you book early. Read review for Scarlet Other girls you might like Alice  Antoinette  Ariel IS ON HOLIDAY Atalanta  Fabiana  Harmony  Iskra IS NOT AVAILABLE TILL OCTOBER, 10 Jess IS ON HOLIDAY Jolene  Josefina IS ON HOLIDAY Latifa  Marianna R IS ON HOLIDAY Miracle  Miriam  Pascale  Rosy  Sofina  Twiggy IS ON HOLIDAY LinksBelgium Escort AgenciesBenelux Escort DirectoriesCanadian Escort AgenciesChina Escort AgenciesDating websitesGerman Escort AgenciesIndependent EscortsIndian Escort AgenciesInternational Escort AgenciesInternational Escort DirectoriesInternational Escorts ReviewItalian Escort DirectoriesLink CataloguesLondon Escort AgenciesLondon Escort DirectoriesRussian Escort AgenciesUK Escort AgenciesUK Individual EscortsUSA Escort AgenciesWeb Directories Erotic stories STATEMENT: The rates shown at DivaEscort are for time and companionship only and not for any illegal or immoral act. Any personal conduct of an intimate nature is a matter of agreement between two consenting adults and behind closed doors or a similar private manner or place. We hold no responsibility for the conduct of parties: (a) a visitor of this website who hires an escort via the phone or (b) an escort who have approached DivaEscort or an advertising agent willibg to promote their services. We (DivaEscort) are purely an advertising and handling agency who continually strives to connect two individuals. The two individuals concerned are (a) gentlemen or ladies who contact us with the intention of making a date or appointment with one of escort who advertise themselves on divaescort.com website, and (b) escorts who have agreed to hire our services to promote themselves online or with intention enabling DivaEscort to act as virtual reception to ensure there is a satisfactory or successful date as the result. Therefore we cannot be held responsible or accountable for the actions of the involved parties or for any situation that results during or at any time after the date/appointment/booking and as such the above mentioned parties are responsible for their own actions. This London Escorts Agency cannot be held liable. SENSITIVE CONTENT: Divaescort.com website may contain content of an adult nature. These pages are designed for ADULTS only and may include pictures and materials that some viewers may find offensive. All photo and textual information is provided by escorts. If you are under the age of 18, if such material offends you or if it is illegal to view such material in your community please EXIT now. Sitemap View desktop version We Are On Captain 69  Trusted Escort Agency Reviews
https://www.escort-ireland.com/escorts/scarlett-swedish-female-escort.html|_|orRegister/Recover Login Advertise with us Try our new Mobile Version Go to Desktop version EscortsErotic MassageDomination SearchBrowseReviewsCommunityBlogContact UsHelpLoginOtherAdvertise with us Home Escorts Ireland (722) Cork (60) Cork City (48) Scarlett Scarlett Cork, Cork City Fri 7th October → Thu 13th Oct (+353)862517491 (+44)7585079108 Withheld numbers Text messages PM messages Out of hours calls Email me PM me Profile Gallery Diary Reviews Add to my favourites Photos verified These photos have been verified as authentic by our team scarlett scarlett No posts Last logged in last month Communication Nationality Swedish Speaks English (Native) Facilities Disabled friendly Yes Drinks supplied No Showers available Yes Will travel to Will travel nationally Call types In calls and out calls Nearby Cork Airport Cork Airport Scarlett Type Independent Female Escort Age 28 Hair Blonde Eyes Blue Ethnicity White Dress Size 40 (M) Shoe Size 2.5 UK Size Height 5′6′ Bust size 36 DD Natural Waist 26″ Hips 30″ Pubic area Shaved Sexuality Bisexual Smoker No In call rates 30 minutes €130.00 First hour €260.00 Additional hours €250.00 Dinner date €750.00 Half day €1,500.00 Full day €2,500.00 Out call rates First hour €300.00 Additional hours €250.00 Dinner date €750.00 Half day €1,500.00 Full day €2,500.00 Average Ratings Accuracy Location Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Meet the enticing and tempting Scarlett. She is a 28 year old escort in Cork City, Cork who has blonde hair, blue eyes and has stats of . Call now to arrange a date. My Introduction Hi boys, I am half Swedish and half English girl, living in London for the past 15 years. I am intelligent, fun loving young woman. I have a perfect body and I am very easy going and open minded and loving. Check my photos and give me a ring, You won’t be disappointed for sure!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This will also be the last chance to see me as I am taking some time off. So don’t hesitate, give me a call xxx My Favourites These services provided are discretion of the escort. Couples Deep Throat Foot fetish French kissing Lap dancing OWO (Oral without condom) Reverse oral Sex toys Uniforms Watersports Scarlett charges for time and companionship only. Anything else that occurs is a matter of coincidence and choice between consenting adults. Gallery Flag photos Photos of Scarlett Write a review Accuracy Location Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Would repeat 96% Would recommend 96% Average rating of 4.79 Based on 121 escort reviews made by Scarlett's clients 121 Reviews Reviewer Location Date   Rating   Buddypants (1) Cork City last week Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork City 24/09/2016 1 hour €260.00 Outcome: Completed I'm writing this really just for Scarlett, that was by miles the most amazing meeting I could wish for, you are truly an angel, stunningly beautiful, smart, funny and omg soooo sexy! I'm sorry I put a bit of a downer on it, I won't the next time, and there will be a next time, thanks sweetheart, you're amazing Forgot I had a username already, I'll try and change it to beer festival Photo at the time of review shaggy2 (51) Cork City 2 weeks ago Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork City 16/09/2016 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed Hadn't seen Scarlett in years and decided it was time to right that wrong. Was damn happy that I made that decision!! It was like meeting an old friend (with benefits) and needless to say it won't be years before I see her again Photo at the time of review MrBlonde1 (2) Cork City last month Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork City 14/08/2016 1 hour €260.00 Outcome: Completed Lovely lady,  that really gets you in the mood 36DD Natural boobs.....! Got to love the swedes, "go home to your sexy wives"...yes I would...glady! Photo at the time of review mac121 (4) Cork City last month Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork City 13/08/2016 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed Where to start? Nervously called Scarlett, made the booking about 1 hour beforehand. Scarlett was a delight on the phone. Put me at ease with her professionalism and friendliness. Easily followed directions, great location. The door opened and there she stood, a Goddess!! For the time we spent together, Scarlett made me feel like I was the only thing that mattered, she took care of me and was very loving and quick to give me compliments. I'm still smiling. We had a nice chat afterwards, I would chat to her for hours. She's so intelligent, funny and very interesting. She's the kind of girl that I would love to bring for a drink and just talk to her all night. What a beautiful interesting woman. All in all, it was an incredibly satisfying experience and I really hope to see Scarlett soon again. Thank you Scarlett, Take care, Mac xx Photo at the time of review johns25 (5) Cork City 3 months ago Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork City 01/07/2016 1 hour €260.00 Outcome: Completed Meeting Scarlett today can only be described as the best decision made by yours truly in quite some time. From the moment when the door opened I can honestly say the beautiful, stunning and awesome Scarlett made me feel like relaxed, full of vigor and instantly happy..... I only wish I had met Scarlett before, now I have I must say I will return as the experience can only be described as perfection. Thanks babe for compliments you are a goddess, see you soon xxx Photo at the time of review cleanshavencork (29) Cork City 3 months ago Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork City 15/06/2016 1 hour €260.00 Outcome: Completed Today I met the most beautiful, sexy, pleasant, funny,georgeous, curves in all the right places, cute and most of all a pleasure to be with. Scarlett is the ultimate escort who gave the ultimate girlfriend experience. From the moment I set on eyes on Scarlett in a sexy red dress showing a figure that any woman would die for.after some very sensual kissing Scarlett gave the best pleasure there and then. After that we had a lot of fire play on the bed and then had round one. After a short break there was more kissing and really had an intimate time but I blew out round 2. Certainly Scarlett should be an escort that is on your bucket list to meet. I will be seeing her again. Photo at the time of review Antlerboy (17) Cork City 6 months ago Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork City 01/04/2016 1 hour €130.00 Outcome: Completed My meeting with Scarlett was a very pleasant experience indeed. Service performed with great gusto and professionalism. A great girl for the compliments! Missed her calling in the diplomatic corp. One of the most relaxed and hot experiences. Great start middle and finish!! Photo at the time of review Sorewillyafteryou (20) Cork City 6 months ago Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork City 20/03/2016 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed What a great ending to my weekend !! I was in the city centre and hadnt planned on seeing any girl tonight, but said, ah what the hell, i will be working for the next 7 nights, so im gonna treat myself on my last night off !! Scarlett's profile had always caught my attention but had never managed to get her on the phone, but to my surprise she answered tonight, and i immediately warmed to her phone manner and made the appointment. I was really nervous meeting Scarlett ,as these days i do find it difficult to meet the right girl and be comfortable with, after so many poor appointments in the last 2 years ! Scarlett's accomadation is top notch, a place i know well, and with the anticipation of meeting Scarlett my heart was racing , and the door opened !! WOW !!!!!! Sexy lady, the term OMFG comes to mind !! Met at door with a long lingering French kiss and a hug, and we had a lovely chat to start things off ! Great personality, so friendly and chatty, and this lady just oozes sex appeal ! Beautiful body and the most flawless skin, thats so smooth to the touch !! Im still in awe , and drooling over this sexy woman !! Gorgeous ! Oh yaaaaaaa !!! Scarlett charges abit more than most escorts, but i now can see why ! You get what you pay for !! You cant go wrong here ! I will be back again, and again and again and again !!!!! Photo at the time of review Kilimanjaro (11) Cork City 7 months ago Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork City 11/02/2016 1 hour €260.00 Outcome: Completed This was my second time meeting Scarlett in 2 weeks. I fell in love with her the moment I set eyes on her. It's impossible not to and from all the reviews I see, I'm not the only one. She is beautiful beyond any words I can write. But more than that, she is funny, extremely intelligent , both intellectually and emotionally, has the ability to make you feel at ease the moment you meet her. I didn't want to write this review because I wanted her all to myself but hey this is the real world. If you are lucky in your life to spend time with her, I promise it will be the most wonderful, pleasurable time of your life. It was for me. She is a star in the cosmos and I feel so lucky our paths collided. The brief timeI spent with her was the happiest of my life - I mean it. She is stellar. Treat her with the respect she deserves. Photo at the time of review Ohya1964 (1) Cork City 8 months ago Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork City 01/02/2016 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed Met Scarlett at a very discreet yet luxury apartment. Phone manner and directions were excellent. Shower offered and accepted. This lady has a body to die for and sure does knows how to use it. I was nervous to start with but she quickly calmed my nerves with her touch. This lady is special and will hopefully keep coming to Cork for a long time yet. Excellent service.   ***Activated by Ruby**** Photo at the time of review Mary1239890 (1) Cork 10 months ago Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork 13/11/2015 1 hour €250.00 Outcome: Completed i meet Scarlett at her lovely apartment,greeted with a kiss in her tight head mistress uniform. wine offered. shower then came out down to fun. mistress scarlet tied me up got me on my knnes told me take off her thong,then spanked me hard for been bold. i was in pain next day. best around, ***Activated by Jorge*** Photo at the time of review Pieman (15) Cork Jul 18, 2015 Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork 18/07/2015 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed Wow what a cracker and what a really fun girl. Would love to go on a night out with her. Highly recommended, my new favourite xx ***Activated by Floki*** Photo at the time of review Milflover69 (34) Cork Jul 18, 2015 Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork 18/07/2015 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed Fascinating women could talk all day to her, totally puts you at ease when you arrive to see her, it's also a big + that the location is very good indeed. Scarlett is what I can only describe as a seriously sexy lady who looks away better in real than her photos, really enjoyed my time, thanks for everything Scarlett you were unreal Photo at the time of review robbiedude (11) Cork Jun 26, 2015 Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork 25/06/2015 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed Fab body, great boobs & legs. Great fun, in the game for the hell of it kind of girl. Wild cat is the perfect description for a girl like this. Wild time had ***Activated by Floki*** Photo at the time of review killarneymale (59) Cork Jun 1, 2015 Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork 01/06/2015 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed stunning really stunning young lady,pure class from head to toe,every thing about scarlett was just so perfect. ***Activated by Jorge*** Photo at the time of review BlarneyBrit (1) Cork May 4, 2015 Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork 04/05/2015 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed Having been with only a handful of escorts in my life. A lot of one night stands and a few girlfriends some good some bad, Scarlett topped the lot in 30 mins of meeting her. I will not be searching for another escort as long as i live. The experience was superb, incredibly sexy women with a genuine, compassionate and interesting personality. I plan to see her again. ***Activated by Lillie*** Photo at the time of review biddy69 (8) Cork Apr 14, 2015 Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork 13/04/2015 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed Omg! Wow :p Scarlett is just drop dead gorgeous she's stunning friendly and passionate excellent location very discreet and she was available at short notice but I think this was because I have seen her before. Thank you for a fantastic time hun xxx ***Activated by Floki*** Photo at the time of review Roman (58) Cork Sep 4, 2014 Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork 04/09/2014 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed Kicking myself I never managed to meet up with Scarlett before today. She is a stunner, friendly, intelligent, genuine - an absolute diamond! Needless to say she will be top of my list anytime she tours Cork. Hope the break doesn't last to long Scarlett!!!! *** Activated by Nicole *** Photo at the time of review pug205 (6) Cork Jun 1, 2014 Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork 28/05/2014 30 minutes €1.00 Outcome: Completed Lads stop looking because ye wont find any better than Scarlett.. From the moment I saw her to the time I left she was absolute perfection.. A class act... ***Activated by Lara*** Photo at the time of review TK316 (6) Cork Apr 15, 2014 Accuracy Appearance Satisfaction Value Experience Location would repeat? recommended? Cork 14/04/2014 30 minutes €130.00 Outcome: Completed If I died tomorrow and Scarlett was the last lady I was with then I'd die a very happy man! She is a gem, an absolute stunner and definitely with the brains to match. If I met her in a bar I'd probably be too intimidated to chat her up but if I managed too I'd like nothing more than making her breakfast the next morning!! My Bucket List isn't finalised yet but when it is a night with Scarlett would be on it, and very high on the list. She is sex on legs and I thoroughly enjoyed the chemistry between us along with sharing a great conversation afterwards. I was slightly late too (all my fault) but Scarlett was very understanding. I'm already planning my next visit to her, and definitely for a longer time. *** Activated by Nicole *** Photo at the time of review View more... Diary These are the times that Scarlett will make appointments to meet you. Scarlett may not always be available at the specified times. Date Time Location 8th Oct Sat 10:00 - 22:00 Cork, Cork City 9th Oct Sun 10:00 - 22:00 Cork, Cork City 10th Oct Mon 10:00 - 22:00 Cork, Cork City 11th Oct Tue 10:00 - 22:00 Cork, Cork City 12th Oct Wed 10:00 - 22:00 Cork, Cork City 13th Oct Thu 10:00 - 22:00 Cork, Cork City Login required Login to write a review about Scarlett Report fake photographs If you think the photos used above have been taken from another site or breach the non expicit terms of our site please fill out the following report. Please do not fill out this report if you have met Scarlett and were not happy with the likeness. Problem Fake photos Explicit photos used Description Link Enter the site address where you have seen these photos used or cancel You cannot send a private message to this escort You need to be logged in before you can send this escort a message. Log in Escorts Dublin Escorts Galway Escorts Cork Escorts Wexford Escorts Limerick Escorts Waterford Escorts Mayo Escorts Kildare Escorts Donegal Escorts Kerry Escorts Belfast Escorts Clare Website Language Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Website History Terms & Conditions Press Area Check our sister site:Scotland Latest advert reviews i have been wanting to meet Mirella Massage for a... Had a lovely time this evening with Nina , not sure... Saw the photos and thought she looked hot so rang... NIKKY is a lovely girl. She has Reasonable English.... I met this lovely lady this evening. Lovely phone... What we've been talking about The audio book vibrator perfect for sex stories!14 hours ago Trouble staying hard? try these 5 tricks2 days ago 7 kinky halloween role play ideas4 days ago 5 types of clients that sex workers hatelast week A guide to glasgow puntinglast week What you are talking about Friday night 80's ? I am back Feel good friday Why we being ripped off here Not your avarage fetishCopyright © 1998 - 2016 All Rights Reserved. Go back to Mobile Version WELCOME www.escort-ireland.com Escort Ireland is Ireland's Original Escort Website. Escort Ireland is an adult website, so, before you enter, you must agree that you are an adult, consensually choosing to do so. Cookie policy: We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By continuing to browse this site, you give consent for cookies to be used. For more details, including how you can amend your preferences, please read our Cookies Policy.
