Friday , 7 October 2016 ABOUT CONTACT US APPLY CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING PARTNERS SOCIAL CU Independent University of Colorado Daily Student News News Politics Student Government Campus Events 4/20 Coverage People of 4/20 – 2014 Academics Community Lifestyle Beyond Boulder Environment Crime Greek Presidential Race 2016 GOP Debate: Boulder “Your money, your vote”: all you need to know What’s going on? CU Boulder on GOP Day GOP debate updates Entertainment Music & Playlists Film – TV Good Eats Sports NCAA Tournament 2016 Men’s Division I Basketball Football Women’s Division I XC -Track – Ski Club sports The Coin Toss Fitness and Wellness The Big Leagues Opinion Columns Ask Alex A Gay in the Life Cannon Fodder Dear Domna Girl on Girl Editorials Our Stance Satire Letters to the Editor Podcasts CU Taboo Tune In Turn Up Tune In Turn Up AMPED Pick Six Keg Tap The Association Luck Be a Lady Visuals People of Boulder Galleries Multimedia Syllabus CUI GRAPEVINE GRADES DATABASE Breaking News Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. Confessions of an escort girl: On sex, love and all the naughty bits in between (CU Independent/Adam Milner) Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. She graduated from CU last year with a degree in psychology and regularly works and volunteers with children. You can find lots of girls like Nikki all over the college town of Boulder. I happened to find her on Craigslist’s Adult Services. “A little sweetness goes a long way,” she wrote on her ad. Her bubbly personality saturated every last detail of her profile, complete with Xs and Os. Nikki has been working in “the industry” on and off since she was 16-years-old. She is now a resource manager working with 4 to 6 girls at a time, selling their “company” for big money all around the Denver area and Boulder. “This is not full time by any means,” she said. When Nikki is not out on her “dates,” she works part-time as a bookkeeper and administrator. As the oldest of six kids, she also strives to set herself as an example by volunteering her time at church and the non-profit she works with. She tells me that she wants to open up her own non-profit for underprivileged kids in single-parent homes someday, or perhaps become a preschool teacher or a youth minister. “I want to be something more than what money can give,” she said. But for right now, she tells me, it’s all about the money. Sex is my business, and business is good Did you know that a girl working part-time as an escort can make just as much, if not more, than prestigious lawyers and doctors? According to Nikki, you can make what you earn in corporate America over two weeks in a single day, just by seeing two guys on a non full-service level. Full-service providers, she explains, sell straight up sexual intercourse, as opposed to non full-service providers, who sell everything but, such as their company for dates. “The most I’ve made in one day was $6,200 between three dates,” Nikki said. “Once one of my girls pulled in $56,000 from just one guy.” For Nikki and her girls, there are no pimps or agencies involved. The hard-earned cash is all theirs. All the girls she works with act as independent contractors who come to her for her resources, guidance and knowledge of the market and industry. “My job is to find the best places and resources for them to get the most out of what we’re marketing,” Nikki said. “The girls and I travel and we choose states where the economy is still steady and growing.” In return for Nikki’s help, they pay her a flat rate to post their services onto Craigslist for each of these areas. They’ve been all over the country including New York, California and even Hawaii. Big bucks, independence and travel? Sign me up, please? What you didn’t know about prostitution “I help men get a better understanding of sex through women,” Nikki said. Nikki said it’s not just about the sex itself, but about anything sexual in general. “I should be a sex therapist,” she joked. I’ve heard before that men who see prostitutes don’t just come for the sex, rather, they also seek all other aspects of female companionship. Speaking with Nikki gave me further insight on the matter. “They also look for uplift and reassurance. Just as human beings, they need it. You need a hug every once in a while, you need to be loved by the opposite sex or feel some kind of compassion,” Nikki said. This girl is all about the uplift, her sunny disposition is infectious and I love it. I’m sure her customers do, too. She also clued me in on all the different tiers of prostitution, ranging from “street walkers” to upscale escort girls. According to Nikki, there is “zero” street work. Colfax used to be prime hooker territory, but hasn’t seen the high level of street work it originally became famous for in years. Now, especially in Boulder, it’s all upscale, behind-closed-doors work. Before I talked to Nikki, I got this impression that prostitutes pretty much gave up every last ounce of their dignity in order to make money, rendering their decision power worthless. However, at least in the upper tiers of prostitution, the girls pretty much have the say on everything, from the guys they choose, what they want to do and how much they’ll be getting paid for it. “I’m picky,” Nikki said. “I just don’t see anyone. If I don’t like the guy, I won’t go through with the date. I’d be sweet and wouldn’t put him down, but I’d wean him to another girl who could better suit him and make him happier.” As far as the sex (or non-sex) goes, each girl decides on her own boundaries. Some don’t even provide full-service at all, rather, they may simply provide their company for dinners and dates. So how much cash is being thrown down for these girls? “It’s however much you want to make it. If they can’t pay that, then they’ll negotiate for whatever else,” she said. “The ball is always on my court.” The freakiest dudes in all the nation Of course, I had to ask Nikki about her strangest requests. She laughed and talked about golden Showers, strap-ons and the like. She did say the freakiest guys she’s ever seen throughout the country are in Boulder. Apparently, the white, older, hippie business guys are the ones to watch out for. “They have the weirdest requests,” Nikki said. “One guy wanted me to… What exactly do you call the opposite of a Golden Shower? I can’t even bring myself to talk about it, let alone do it.” She visibly struggled to find the words. “I can’t shit on anybody, sorry,” Nikki said. “And I won’t, plain and simple.” Word to the wives The majority of Nikki’s customers are married men who have been strictly with their wives for years or who have not had partners who are very sexual or open. “I give them something to go home and love their wives better with,” she said. I was intrigued. Could she convince me that prostitution could actually be conducive for a man’s love for his wife? “It’s men’s nature to want variety. It’s their animal instinct to breed with the most young and desirable women. It goes way back and love has nothing to do with it.” Nikki first explains that sex and love are two completely different things (for men anyway). According to Nikki, the guy has that one girl he loves, the one he marries. However, he also has his sexual needs. “He loves that one girl, but if he’s not getting what he needs or is deprived, he’ll become bitter towards her,” Nikki said. The idea is that once Nikki helps relieve these needs, it allows him to return to the one he is married to and carry on with their relationship, bitterness-free. “They might feel guilty, but it’s in their nature and they really need the sex. If their wives can’t give it to them, they feel badly about it,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that it’s human nature. “I also feel guilty to a certain extent, but really if the woman can’t give a man what he needs, he’ll go out and look for it elsewhere, plain and simple. And that’s where girls like me come in and give it to them,” Nikki said. It’s not purely about sex, though. Nikki said it’s also about the comfort her and her girls can give. “It’s not always physical, though,” she reminds me, “It’s also about uplift and reassurance.” The dichotomy of the “wife and the mistress” came to mind. Does it really all boil down to biological and evolutionary factors? Is this something we’ll all simply have to come to terms with? The good, the bad and the ugly “There really isn’t a least favorite aspect of the job,” Nikki said, “I love it all.” For Nikki, she said the job isn’t just about good pay, she genuinely enjoys it. “It’s like my dating scene. I pick and choose. I love older guys, men of power, well-dressed and charismatic. I’m completely engaged when we have fun and am totally enthralled by it. I wouldn’t do it if I didn’t like it. There’s no shame in what I do, I genuinely love everything I do.” To understand her passion, you also have to understand her philosophy. Nikki said she truly believes in doing what she does to not only bring uplift to her clients, but also to herself and her girls. “Girls might feel belittled, degraded or disrespected if they let themselves. If they put themselves in that position, then they absolutely will feel lesser for what they do,” Nikki said. Nikki said she only wants to be around girls who enjoy the job for what it is. “If at the end of the day you’re going to go home and feel like shit, then I don’t want to be a part of it. You have to genuinely like making the guys feel better,” Nikki said. “Then you feel better. It’s a mutual thing.” However, with the good also comes the bad. “I’ve been robbed, arrested, taken advantage of and hit. It’s all part of the risks. There are no policies and regulations for prostitution. It’s a free-for-all,” she said. There are some security measures they try to enact when they can, but ultimately the security measures can only do so much. “In big cities with all girls and no men, we have security people watching on the outside. But when you’re alone in a room with a guy, it doesn’t matter what kind of security you have. It’s you and him,” she said. Nikki and her girls take precautions and bring mace, switchblades and even take self-defense classes. She tells them that if it comes down to money, they should rather get ripped off than get raped or beaten. “You can replace that money,” Nikki said, “but you can’t replace yourself.” Then with the bad comes the ugly. Nikki revealed to me a darker part of her career. “I’ve been caught for prostitution and I’ve had a police officer come in and take complete advantage of me, and then turn around and arrest me for it,” she said. The experience of having a police officer violate her was one that Nikki won’t forget soon, if ever, she said. “At that point in my life, I would have felt better getting raped and robbed by somebody else, but having a police officer…” She said when the officer took her to court for prostitution she hired a good lawyer and got her case dismissed in court because of the fact that she had been raped. She said the officer didn’t confess, but all the evidence was there and he couldn’t deny it. “But it’s not just him, it’s hundreds of officers taking advantage of girls,” Nikki alleged. Legitimizing prostitution “If I would change anything about my job, it would be to make it legal,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that prostitution is illegal for the simple fact that the government cannot tax it. “I just feel like there’s so much that’s OK and that’s legal that is way worse than this,” she said. “If it’s consensual, the guy wants to do it and the girl wants to do it, who is the government to say it’s not OK?” I can sympathize with her on this. It’s difficult to work and pay tax dollars just to have a police officer rape you, turn around and arrest you for it, and have the law punish you for other acts that have been completely consensual. “It’s absolutely ridiculous that they can’t just let us do what we want, and because they can’t tax it they’re going to set up task forces that cost millions of dollars of tax money to stop something consenting adults want to do together,” Nikki said. Parting our ways Despite everything, Nikki said she has no regrets. “Anything that’s ever happened to me has made me stronger and built character,” she said. It has helped her go forward and teach other girls in the industry to help them realize what it really is, what it can be and what they may get out of it. “I’m here now in my place in the world to help people. No matter if it’s the children in the non-profits that I work for; to the women I hire to work for me. Ultimately the goal is to help them help the world.” When I first met Nikki, I had my doubts and my skepticism about the things she’s said and the things she believes in. Was she really so different from myself in those respects? Through our conversation, I realized that she is just like any other girl who channels her heart and soul into everything she does, including her own career. I got up to shake her hand, but instead she grabbed me and gave me a hug. She was happy, infectiously so, and all she wanted to do was to make others happy, too. At that point, it was hard not to believe in her. Contact CU Independent Staff Writer Natalie Bui at Natalie.bui@colorado.edu. 2010-02-04 CUIndependent Share Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest About CUIndependent The CU Independent or CUI for short is the student newspaper for the University of Colorado at Boulder. We cover News, Sports, Politics, Entertainment, and more. Our mission: to give the students at CU an online publication for students and by students, about the things we care about. Previous KU game sells out Next No smoking zone Check Also Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Political discussion among differing opinions is the only real path to change. By Jackson Barnett 13 comments toast88 February 4, 2010 at 7:16 pm This was one of the most eye-opening and insightful articles I’ve read this year. Definitely one of the most engaging articles on CUI. Simply amazing. Log in to Reply bob February 10, 2010 at 10:16 pm very interesting Log in to Reply ben February 15, 2010 at 8:21 am hi nikki, speak to more. you are just waaaaaw Log in to Reply Nats April 22, 2012 at 4:27 am Nikki is a profound thinker Log in to Reply emoman May 13, 2012 at 9:44 am Wow… This article is such an eye-opener. I did not have even slightest of idea that any girl could understand men so accurately. Nikki understands that sex is something essential for us men..Rarely do women understand that..They think we’re devils if we want physical intimacy.. And she’s absolutely 101% right about one thing – It’s not just about sex. It’s also about uplift, reassurance, aspects other than sex.. being understood is the best luxury anyone can have. . I love girls like Nikki. All the very best Nikki! Log in to Reply Sylvia May 18, 2012 at 9:46 am Absolutely interesting article Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:36 am good good Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:38 am I like You Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:40 am good boy Log in to Reply anon December 5, 2012 at 10:24 am Wow what a bunch of horsesh*t. As the former wife of a married man who frequented the Boulder college escorts I can tell you with absolute certainty that his indiscretions did NOT enhance our marriage or sex life. In fact, quite the opposite. He became increasingly arrogant and abusive, which resulted in him getting caught, getting arrested, and losing everything. As a result of losing his home and family (we have two young daughters together), he tried to kill himself. So, it’s just sad and pathetic to hear some ignorant college girl talk about the benefits she’s providing to families by screwing the husbands. Yeah she’s screwing them, just not in the ways she thinks. Log in to Reply Sydney December 26, 2012 at 1:51 am how can I get into contact with Nikki? Log in to Reply Marlene Damaro March 3, 2013 at 4:54 am Thank you for this uplifting story. From what I read in forums, it seems that many sex workers are getting exploited and only do it for the money. My experience as escort girl has been generally positive. I’m a medical student in Germany and have been doing high-priced escort work for almost 3 years. First 6 months with an agency in Switzerland and then as independent escort in Germany (and occasionally Basel and Ibiza). Prostitution is legal in most European countries. Perhaps I’m lucky that I managed to quickly build a repeat customer business, so I avoid risking negative surprises with first-time clients. My customers treat me well, are well-mannered and well-groomed and quite generous. Two or 3 dates a month are enough to finance my study and lead a comfortable life. Sure, there are downsides like leading a double-life because prostitution is stigmatized and the fear of getting exposed. It certainly is not a job for every girl, but I’m sexually liberal, like to please and be pleased by men, and I enjoy having sex. It makes me feel good when I can make my customers happy, not only by having sex but also by listening, showing understanding and giving warmth. Log in to Reply TruthTeller October 7, 2013 at 8:58 pm Believe me @anon December 5 2012…he didn’t try and kill himself because of the escorts……and if your marriage wasn’t enhanced and you are looking for a reason why then I suggest you find a mirror. Seriously Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Sponsor @The_CUI Tweets by @The_CUI Check it out: Recent Posts Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Check it out:
Customer Support 1-866-236-8417 • Help • Get Discounts & Deals Free Gift with Orders Over $99 United States Store Training Find A Plan Nutrition Women Videos Apps United States Shop Store Home Top 50 Products Top 10 Product Lists Sales & Specials Categories Brands Goals Ingredients Shop by Popularity Whey Protein Pre-Workout Creatine Build Muscle Weight Loss Clothing Workout Accessories Just For You Order History Quick Reorder What's New Shop Women's Store Get Fit Find A Plan Weight Loss Build Muscle Workouts Exercise Database Transformations All Training Articles Get Ready BodySpace Clothing Workout Equipment Transform For Life Challenges Featured What's New Ask the Experts Motivation Tools and Trackers Get Started Men's Weight Loss Plans Men's Build Muscle Plans Women's Weight Loss Plans Women's Build Muscle Plans Fitness 360 Weight Loss Plans Fitness 360 Muscle Building Plans All Plans Plan Diet Plans Find a Supplement Plan Apps Featured What's New BodySpace Ask the Experts Fitness 360 Eat Well Diet Plans Recipes Meal Planning Supplementation Calculators Nutrition Tips All Nutrition Articles On The Go Healthy Foods & Meals Multivitamins Food Storage Featured What's New Top 50 Supplements Top 10 Protein Bars Be Active Workouts Weight Loss Build Muscle Recipes Lifestyle Transformations All Women's Articles Shop Shop Women's Store Supplements Protein Clothing Multivitamins Fat Burners Featured What's New Motivation Videos Watch Training Workouts Exercise Guides Nutrition Supplementation Motivation Women All Videos Learn Recipes Diet Plans Health & Lifestyle Featured What's New Programs Sports Be Mobile Store App B-Daily BodySpace Transformed Charlie Mike Big Man On Campus Modern Physique All Apps Get Started Find a Plan Diet Plans Find a Supplement Plan Featured BodySpace Forum Photo Gallery {{context.title || 'All'}} Cancel Today's Posts FAQ Community BodySpace BodyGroups Pictures & Albums Members List BodyBlogs Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Forum Leaders Who's Online Advanced Forum » More General Categories » Misc. » Escort Terms Results 1 to 10 of 10 Thread: Escort Terms Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… Search Thread   Advanced Search 07-20-2009, 09:11 PM #1 ineed$ View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: May 2007 Age: 30 Stats: 5'11", 174 lbs Posts: 4,676 BodyPoints: 6528 Rep Power: 1240 Escort Terms Thought you guys might want to know some of these terms if your ever reading something and they pop up. lol * A-Level (Anal Sex) * ABC (American Born Chinese) * ABJ (American Born Japanese) * AMP (Asian Massage Parlor) : An erotic massage establishment that primarily employs Asian prostitutes. * AAMP (Apartment Asian Massage Parlor): Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. * ASP (Adult Service Provider) * ATF (All-Time Favorite) : A particular client's favorite prostitute. * ATM (Ass to Mouth) * BBBJ (bareback blow-job): Fellatio without a condom. * BBBJTC (bare back blow job to completion) * BBBJTCIM (bare back blow job to completion in mouth) * BBBJTCWS (bare back blow job to completion with swallow) * BBBJWF (bare back blow job with facial) * BBFS (bare back full service) * BBW (Big Beautiful Woman) : A large woman, often obese. * BCD (Behind Closed Doors) : Intimate activity that occurs in private. * BFE (Boyfriend Experience) * BJ (Blowjob) * BL (Ball Licking) * BLS (Ball Licking and Sucking) * BSB (Bus Stop Babe) * CBJ (covered blow-job) : Fellatio with a condom. * CDS (covered doggy style) * CFS (covered full service) : Intercourse with a condom. * CG (cowgirl = girl on top facing you) * CHI (Chicago or CHGO) * CL (craigslist.org) * CMD (carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde) * CMT (Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse.) * CIM (come in mouth) : Prostitute allows customer to ejaculate in her mouth. * COB (Come on Breasts) * COF (Come on face): Prostitute allows customer to ejaculate on her face * DFK (deep french kissing): See GFE. * D&T : Deep and Tight * DATO (Dining at the O) : Anilingus, oral stimulation of the anus. * DATY (dining at the Y.) : Cunnilingus performed by the customer on the prostitute. * DDP (double digit penetration, vagina and anus) * DT (Deep Throat) - The recipient "swallows" the length of the penis. * DDE (doesn't do extras (PS only)) * DDG (drop dead gorgeous) * DFK (deep French kiss) * DIY (do it yourself (masturbation)) * FIV (finger in vagina) * FKK (Frei K?rper Kultur. German brothel / nudist club) * FOB (fresh off the boat. Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US) * FOV (finger outside vagina) * FBSM (Full Body Sensual Massage) : An encounter that is not usually full service; expect only massage (usually nude or topless) and handjob, but more services might be available. * FS (Full Service) : An encounter that includes intercourse. * GFE (girlfriend experience) : Encounter with the prostitute is more like that of two lovers than that of a prostitute providing the means for the customer's release. Often includes BBBJ, DATY, DFK, FS. * GS (Golden Shower) : Occurs with a recipient being urinated on. * HJ (handjob) : Manual stimulation of the penis. * HWP (Height/Weight Proportional) : Normal build, neither unusually slim nor heavy. * J353 : Oral stimulation and deep tongue penetration of the female's anus by the male. (from the jeans with a rear zipper) * L1 (Level one) : experience includes ejaculatory release via manual stimulation * L2 (level two) : experience includes ejaculatory release via manual and oral stimulation * L3 (Level three) : experience includes vaginal and/or anal penetration * LE (Law Enforcement). * LBFM: (Little brown ****ing machine) : US Navy - Filipino women that worked the bars around Subic Bay, many of them looking for boyfriends/husbands amongst the military men. Became a standard reference during the Vietnam war and has since come to mean any dark skinned woman in a poorer country that works in prostitution or hangs out in bars hoping to date foreigners. * LMT (Licensed Massage Therapist) : A massage provider who is licensed in the state in which she practices. * MILF (Mom I'd Like to ****) : An attractive woman in her 30's or 40's. * MFAQL : (Marry first, ask questions later) * MSOG (Multiple Shots on Goal) : The client is permitted to have more than one orgasm during the encounter. * NE (Northern Exploration) : Touching the upper part of the provider's body, typically the breasts. * NQBS (Non-Quitter, But Spitter) : Fellatio in which CIM occurs and the recipient spits the semen out. * NQNS (Non-Quitter, Non-Spitter) : Fellatio in which CIM occurs and the recipient swallows the semen. * NFS (Non-Full Service) : An encounter which does not include intercourse. * OWO (oral without) : Fellatio without a condom. * R&T (Rub and Tug) : Hand relief * PSE (Porn Star Experience) : An encounter that is wild and uninhibited. * RHG (Red Hot Gem) : A must see for return visits, way above average. * RL (Rose Leafing) : licking the anus - sometimes the prostitute uses small condom on her tongue * RMT (Registered Massage Therapist) : A massage provider who is registered in the state in which she practices. * RR (Rough-rider) : prostitute who demands a spank and goes very hard and will return your hits, and verbally abuse you to get you to ride her rough and hard. May use nails and spit too. Similar to a PSE. * SE (Southern Exploration) : Touching the lower parts of the provider's body, typically the buttocks and genitals. * SLGHCSWAP - usually describes a hobbyist who has "so little game he can't score with a pro" * STD (Sexually Transmitted Disease) * STL (Swallow the lot): Prostitute swallows all the semen * TOFTT (Took One For The Team) : A hobbyist who undertakes a session with an unknown provider, and has a bad experience. He "takes one for the team" in order that others may benefit from his knowledge (shared in a review.) * TS (Transexual) : An individual who undergoes gender reassignment surgery. * TS (Table Shower) : An activity in which the client lies on a raised table, and is washed by an attendant. Usually found at AMPs. * TUMA (Tongue Up My Ass): Oral stimulation of the anus involving pressing the tongue into the anus-usually accomplished in conjunction with "rimming" (see below). * TV (Transvestite) : A man who dresses to appear as a woman. * YMMV (Your Mileage May Vary) : A catch phrase which signifies that each encounter may very well be different. * 50/50 (or "half and half") : Oral sex to stimulate the male followed by intercourse Jargon * Asian : Oral sex on the anus of either sex (aka Rimming or Around-the-World). * Cat Bath : Licks all over ones body - back and front * Clockwatcher : A term for a provider who counts the minutes until the session is over. Usually used to describe a provider who rushes and does not enjoy her work. * Cowgirl : Intercourse with the female astride the male. * Deep throat : Fellatio where the whole length of the penis is held in the prostitute's mouth and throat. * Doggie Style : Intercourse position where woman is on her hands and knees, and the man enters her from behind. * French : Oral sex. * Greek : Anal sex. * Full service : Sexual intercourse. * Hobbyist : A client of a prostitute. * In-call : Client visits the prostitute. * Jane : Female client of a prostitute. * John : Male client of a prostitute. * Out-call : Prostitute visits the client. * Provider : Prostitute. * Review : A written description of an encounter, usually on a website. * Rimming : Colloquialism oral-anal-sex, technically known as anilingus. * Russian : Simulated intercourse with the penis between the woman's breasts. * Spanish : Prostitute stimulates the penis between her breasts. * Spinner : A prostitute of small stature and petite proportions, typically less than 5'-4" and 110 lbs. * Upsell : A situation in which the provider asks for further renumeration after the sexual activities begin. 07-20-2009, 09:12 PM #2 Howiester View Profile View Forum Posts hamsterbrah Join Date: Nov 2008 Location: California, United States Stats: 5'9", 185 lbs Posts: 20,424 Rep Power: 72452 in b4 clive. 07-20-2009, 09:15 PM #3 BlitzKrag View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: Feb 2009 Stats: 5'9", 167 lbs Posts: 2,210 Rep Power: 0 I'm 12 and what is this? 09-17-2010, 11:38 AM #4 ineed$ View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: May 2007 Age: 30 Stats: 5'11", 174 lbs Posts: 4,676 BodyPoints: 6528 Rep Power: 1240 bumb 09-17-2010, 11:40 AM #5 CarlMcGuirk View Profile View Forum Posts DINK (not the penor kind) Join Date: Jul 2010 Location: Pennsylvania, United States Stats: 6'3", 236 lbs Posts: 17,142 Rep Power: 14701 AIDS: what you're gonna get 09-17-2010, 11:43 AM #6 datboigene View Profile View Forum Posts Visit Homepage God's got my back (srs) Join Date: Jun 2009 Age: 27 Posts: 15,119 Rep Power: 20332 Originally Posted by CarlMcGuirk AIDS: what you're gonna get True that Robbery: When a john goes to the prostitute and gets beaten and money stolen by Ray Ray or Jamaal.. usually a black guy is the person taking the money from the John 09-17-2010, 11:45 AM #7 Otaman View Profile View Forum Posts In Perpetual Cut Mode Join Date: Apr 2009 Location: Canada Stats: 5'10", 175 lbs Posts: 11,755 Rep Power: 23151 that's illegal 09-17-2010, 11:50 AM #8 Big_Carphuna View Profile View Forum Posts Chupacabra Supreme! Join Date: Jan 2010 Age: 41 Stats: 6'0", 205 lbs Posts: 6,693 Rep Power: 3071 In b4 Bateman. 978 (Lowell, MA) checking in. ^^^()()CTPUMP CREW()()**Master Chief**^^^ +United Misc Front+ ----COME AT US!---- 09-17-2010, 11:51 AM #9 JoeAmerican View Profile View Forum Posts Banned Join Date: Sep 2010 Age: 36 Posts: 77 Rep Power: 0 Originally Posted by datboigene True that Robbery: When a john goes to the prostitute and gets beaten and money stolen by Ray Ray or Jamaal.. usually a black guy is the person taking the money from the John LMAO: When poster quoted above writes this sh*t 09-17-2010, 11:56 AM #10 CementPizza View Profile View Forum Posts Registered User Join Date: Jan 2002 Location: Littleton, Colorado, United States Stats: 5'11", 288 lbs Posts: 35,176 Rep Power: 29693 In b4 Maldorax I am sex ur butt. Cement Pizza doesn't afraid of doing your mom. RIP: Hector Bluntz Quick Navigation Misc. Top Site Areas Settings Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Forums Main Forums Supplements Product Reviews - Help Out! Supplement Logs Sponsored Supplement Logs Company Promotion Supplement Misc. Supplement Wars! Workout Equipment Workout Programs Workout Journals Olympic Lifting Exercises Injury Recovery And Prevention Nutrition Nutrition Logs Nutrition Misc Keto Keto Logs Keto Recipes Losing Fat Losing Fat Logs Specifically For You Teen Bodybuilding Teen Misc. Teen Workout Logs Over Age 35 Over 35 Workout Journals Over 35 Misc Female Bodybuilding Journaling Female Misc. Company Promotion Powerlifting/Strongman Powerlifting Workouts - Training Journals Powerlifting Video Library Personal Trainers Section More General Categories Post Your Pictures and Introduce Yourself Sports Training Sports Training Journals Professional Bodybuilding Men's Physique Contest Prep and Competition Discussion Contest Prep Journals Motivation Misc. Gaming and Technology Sports Fantasy Sports Education/Career/Finance WWE Wrestling Forum MMA Fighting Automotive and Motorsport Religion and Politics Relationships and Relationship Help Support & Feedback Board & Feature Requests Post Your Own Articles! Moderator Application Form BodySpace Profiles And BodyBlogs « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Bookmarks Bookmarks Digg del.icio.us StumbleUpon Google Facebook Twitter Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules -- BBcom 2014 -- BBcom 2014 Mobile -- BBcom Black Contact Us Bodybuilding.com Archive Top Need Help? Help Center Email Support Live Chat Gift Certificates Send Us Feedback Orders & Shipping Order Status Returns/Exchanges Shipping Support United States Connect With Us Join Our Newsletter Be the first to receive exciting news, features, and special offers from Bodybuilding.com! Careers Terms of Use About Us Site Map Advertise With Us Affiliates Help Â© 2016 Bodybuilding.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Bodybuilding.comâ  and BodySpaceÂ® are trademarks of Bodybuilding.com, LLC. Â©  Bodybuilding.com,  5777 N. Meeker Ave.  Boise ID  83713  USA  1-866-236-8417
genderberg.com Skip to content Advanced search Board index ‹ Public Forums ‹ essays, articles, rants for public view Change font size Print view FAQ Register Login prostitution terminology & slang Got something to share with the reading public that isn't an action but should be read? Moderators: delphyne, oneangrygirl, deedle, sam Post a reply 1 post • Page 1 of 1 prostitution terminology & slang by sam » Wed Jul 26, 2006 5:25 pm Prostitution Terminology By Joseph Parker, Clinical Director The Lola Greene Baldwin Foundation http://www.prostitutionrecovery.org/pro ... ology.html The following list of prostitution terminology was accumulated by working directly with prostituted women, children, and men, as well as pimps. Some also came from law enforcement and other agencies which have contact with prostituted people. Some prostitution terms are stable and very old. Others are rapidly changing or regional. The main purpose, other than to evade law enforcement, is to make the kids and adults being prostituted feel special and different from "squares" and support their fantasy that they have more glamor and more control of their lives than they do. Some terms are not from the common language because they refer to experiences luckier people are unlikely ever to have. ARRANGEMENTS OR UNDERSTANDINGS: in places where prostitution is legal, the drug laws are not abolished, yet prostitution sites need large and regular drug deliveries to keep their prostituted people numb enough to survive and keep working. Agreements are made not to enforce the drug laws around protected establishments. The government officials and businessmen involved usually are paid in money, sometimes in drugs for their own use, but almost always, in special sexual services. These often are secretly videotaped in case the arrangement needs to be helped along with blackmail. AUTOMATIC: when the pimp is out of town, in jail, or otherwise not in direct control of those he is prostituting, the victims "automatically" go out to prostitute without being ordered to. AROUND THE WORLD: vaginal intercourse (chiefly from trucking industry). BABY 'HO: unusually young person being prostituted. Age 12 and younger are not unusual. BAREBACKING: sex without a condom. Some HIV positive men will not disclose their status but offer extra money. Also sought by others whose HIV status is unknown. Almost everyone in prostitution very long becomes hepatitis C positive. BED DANCING: a strip club performance in which a naked or nearly naked woman will dance on top of a clothed man on a bed in a private room. Readily escalates to acts of direct prostitution. BITCH (AS WELL AS CUNT, 'HO, SLUT, ETC.): used by pimps and customers to address or refer to prostituted women, and often nude dancers. BOTTOM BITCH (PREVIOUSLY BOTTOM LADY): a pimp who has more than one woman under his control will appoint one woman to supervise the others, report rule violations, and often help inflict punishment on them. Some, in later life, will go on to become pimps, madams and escort service operators themselves. BREAK A BITCH: when the pimp, or someone acting for him, takes all the money a prostituted person has earned. May be done several times a day. BREAKING IN A NEW BITCH: things a pimp does to take control of a new victim. (Related word: "seasoning".) BROTHEL, BORDELLO, CATHOUSE, WHOREHOUSE: may be a large apartment or actual house, or, in Nevada and other countries, a specially built facility for selling sex on the premises. Often has extreme security measures to prevent attacks by other criminals seeking the large amounts of cash and dope kept there. The security is two sidedÐto keep the women and children in, as well as robbers out. The places often are guarded (and open) 24 hours a day, but some have closing times in which the victims are locked in from the outside. CAR TRICK, CAR DATE: prostituted person is picked from the street by a john for the purpose of having sex in the vehicle. Very dangerous, because once in the car, she is isolated and under his control. He can do anything, including robbery, assault, dumping her naked in a remote area, or even murder. Entering a vehicle with more than one man in it, or getting into a closed van are even more dangerous. CATCHER: usually younger, "wannabe pimps", who watch prostitution victims on "the track" or in other prostitution venues, to make sure they are following the pimp's orders. CAUGHT A CASE: either the pimp or a prostituted person has been arrested and charged with a crime. CHOOSE: the victim can be told she has chosen a pimp by as little as making eye contact with him. Usually involuntary, but some more experienced women may be able to negotiate a change of pimps if they have the fee. CHOOSING FEE OR CHANGING FEE: amount paid by prostituted person to the original pimp to compensate him for what he has lost in the course of the victim changing over to the control of a different pimp. CIRCUIT (OR TRACK): a set area where prostituted people are regularly available. This can be the area around a group of strip clubs and pornography stores or a particular stretch of street. Within a country, it can be a series of cities among which prostituted people are moved, such a as the west coast circuit of San Diego, Las Vegas, Vancouver, BC and cities in between. It can also be a chain of states, such as the "Minnesota pipeline" by which victims are moved through a series of states, from Minnesota to markets in New York. CLUB EXECUTIVE: manages sex industry clubs and bars. Often claims to own or partially own the business. Often they do not, but are acting to conceal ownership by one of the communities major "respectable businessmen" or organized crime. Attempts to trace true ownership often lead only to holding companies and corporations that only exist in some attorney's office. COMBAT ZONE: municipal strategy of trying to confine sexually oriented businesses to a small area, one in which the residents are poor and small legitimate businesses in decline. The zone also becomes the center for street prostitution, drug dealing and high rates of other crime. The idea is to protect "better" areas from the increased crime rates, degraded quality of life and falling property values. This strategy has generally failed because the combat zones bring in more customers from a wider area, and more businesses are established, resulting in the problems spreading to other parts of the community. COMIN' UP: refers to a victim recently turned out who is bringing in good money. COUCH DANCING: a strip club performance which may very from club to club and area to area. Sometimes it will involve dancing on a box between the trick's legs, other times it will consist of straddling the trick while he lies on a couch. The customer usually is clothed, while the woman is naked or nearly so. It may take place in an open club area, or in a private booth set up to facilitate direct prostitution. DADDY: what pimps require their victims to call them. They may refer to themselves as "Pimp Daddy" when among people like themselves. DATE: describes a prostitution customer or the activity of prostitution. For example, "with a date" or "dating". The word "trick" also has dual meaning. DUAL SYSTEM: in jurisdictions with legal prostitution, one part of the industry complies with licensing, health checks, and taxes. Inevitably, a parallel system develops outside the law, because many pimps do not want to pay taxes, and do want the freedom to use underage children and high levels of violence. Legal or not, almost all operators of prostitution businesses have a fundamental criminal orientation. ESCORT SERVICE: organization operating chiefly through cell phones and pagers, which sends prostituted people to the trick's location (an outcall), or arranges to have the john come to a house or apartment which may be the workplace of a single woman or actually a small brothel (an incall). Some are networked with others and can assemble large numbers of women for parties and conventions. Others serve those with special tastes such as children or sadomasochism. EUROPEAN: sometimes used to refer to acts involving urine, feces, and other things. EXIT FEE: money a pimp will demand from a victim who is thinking about trying to leave. It will be an exorbitant sum, to discourage her from leaving. Most pimps never let their victims leave freely. FAMILY OR FOLK: group of people under the control of one pimp, who plays the role of "father". This idea can be psychologically complicating for a victim who never had a family before. FINES, TAXES: failed ideas for controlling prostitution. When people are convicted of prostitution and fined, they must do even more prostitution to pay the fines. When governments tax legal sex businesses in which prostitution is none the less allowed, the taxes are paid in large part from the income from prostitution. The courts and government become just another layer of pimps who have to be paid. FINESSE PIMP: one who prides himself on controlling others primarily through psychological manipulation. Still, the threat of violence is always there. FISTING: forcing a closed fist up someone's vagina or anus. For a few people, an erotic act. More commonly used by pimps and johns to extensively damage a woman's pelvic organs, permanently injuring her. Can be imperfectly repaired if the victim is able to seek treatment. FOLLOW YOUR MONEY: phrase pimps use to warn prostituted people to take care of the money they are given. Losing money by some means, such as being robbed by a trick, will result in being turned back out to work 24 hours a day until the money is replaced, and the daily quota is also met. FRONTS: money a pimp will give his victims to use for cab fare, drinks and condoms. Also called "walking around money". THE GAME: the sex industry generally. Pimps are called "players". GOLDEN SHOWER: a "sex" act in which one person urinates on another. Also "water sports", a term more commonly used in gay prostitution. GORILLA PIMP: one who controls his victims almost entirely through violence. Also, there are gorilla 'hoes who assist a pimp in controlling his "stable" chiefly through violence. HALF AND HALF: an act of prostitution in which there is both oral and vaginal sex. Priced somewhat lower than each act would be individually. HAND JOB: prostituted person brings john to orgasm by manual masturbation. In massage parlors, called a "hand finish". HARD CORE: two meanings when used in pornography. May mean showing an erect penis in action. May also refer to pornography when an actor, usually female, gets hurt, such as by violent anal sex. 'HO: person being prostituted. Short for whore. HO VINE: "grape vine"-like networks of communication among people being prostituted. HO LINE: loose network of communication between pimps, chiefly by phone, inter-city and interstate. Often uses changing slang and code words to confound law enforcement along the "circuit". Used to trade, buy, and sell prostituted women and children. HUSTLER: someone who will do anything for money: sell drugs, steal, scam and pimp. Also more specific to a person prostituted in the gay trade. IZZ OR IZZN: added to words to give a different sound, like "pig latin". To make surveillance and presenting evidence in court more difficult. Along with changing specialized slang, may require prosecutors to provide expert witness to translate for the court. JACK SHACK: lingerie modeling, massage parlors and other operations where tricks masturbate while watching women in revealing clothes, underwear or lack thereof. Almost always have facilities for on-site prostitution. JOHN: person buying another for sexual gratification. Primary cause of prostitution. Comes from alias often used by customer if asked their name. May also derive from euphemism for toilet. KIDDIE STROLL: area of the stroll featuring kids under sixteen, often much younger. Especially prominent in countries where prostitution is legal, but has minimum age limits of 18 years or so. Largest kiddie stroll in North America is in Vancouver, B.C., Canada, where public solicitation is illegal but not prostitution itself. LAP DANCING: strip club act in which a woman will grind her body into the lap of a trick. While the trick is clothed, the woman may be naked or nearly so. LAY SOME DRAG: the way the victim is taught to talk to people not involved in prostitution. LICK HITTER: severely addicted person who prostitutes just enough to get a dose of drugs or alcohol. When that wears off, she is back on the "track" until she can get another dose. May go on for days or weeks at a time, with serious health consequences. THE LIFE: in earlier times, "the sporting life" The experience of being used in prostitution. Virtually always involves heavy drug and alcohol use, violence and other crime. LOT LIZARD: person who picks up tricks at truck stops. May service an individual trucker while traveling with him from place to place. MADAME: older woman who manages brothel. May have been prostituted in her earlier years, but may be a pimp/career criminal in her own right. Often supports the women's outside pimp/boyfriend/fiance/husband by calling him when victim gets off work, and telling him exactly at what time she left and exactly how much money she had when she left. OUT OF POCKET: person not under control of a pimp. Will be vulnerable to threats, harassment and violence in order to make them "choose" a pimp. Also may mean in violation of pimp's rules. OUTLAW: prostituted person generally successful in avoiding control by pimps. PEEL A TRICK: when a prostituted person steals money, checkbooks, and credit cards from a customer. May be used by members of prostitution group or sold to others who "hang paper" or do identity theft. PEEP SHOWS, LIVE SEX SHOWS: usually found in pornography stores. The trick sits behind a glass partition, and directs sexual activity by women and/or men, with or without sex toys and other props, to fulfill his fantasies. PIMP: person who persuades or forces his victims to engage in prostitution. The pimp collects the money paid by the johns, essentially for his services in using whatever manipulation or force is needed to keep the women and kids serving the johns desires. PIMP HARD: to raise quotas, reduce rest times, and/or require victims to accept tricks they would ordinarily avoid. PIMP PARTY: when several pimps come together to rape, beat, drug, and torture someone who is resisting being prostituted, or who was "out of line" by trying to escape, talking to the police, or whatever. Can go on for days. PIMP STICK: a steel whip made out of coat hanger wire. May be heated on a stove to burn as well as cut tissue. Other items, such as appliance cord, towel bars and shower curtain rods, cigarettes and curling irons also may be used to inflict overwhelming pain. PORNOGRAPHY: sexual activity depicted in words, pictures or films solely for sexual stimulation of others, and for monetary gain. The sex industry tries to keep it protected by claiming it to be "art", under freedom of speech. Generally repetitive, following only a few standard formulas. Some "actors" are voluntary, but many are prostituted, having been "ordered" from a local pimp for particular roles. Is addictive to many people. Obsession with it may terminate any normal sex life the addicts had, and cause them to spend far more money and time on their addiction than they can afford. Has a major role in "fueling" some users to the point they cross over from fantasy to actual violent crime. PRIVATE DANCE: couch, bed or other "dances" which often take place in private rooms at an extra charge. This offers men the opportunity to pressure women into more direct acts of prostitution to earn tips. QUOTA: amount of money prostituted person must turn over to the pimp before they can stop prostituting and go home. Commonly $500/day. RABBIT: a prostituted person who goes from one pimp to another too frequently. RECKLESS EYEBALLING: when a prostituted person looks at another pimp, which is strictly forbidden. RENEGADE: prostituted person not under control of a pimp. ROLL A TRICK: robbing a trick with force by prostituted person, the pimp, or his associates. Usually involves weak or intoxicated tricks. SCAT: sexual activity centered on feces. SEASONING: combination of psychological manipulation, intimidation, gang rape and sodomy, beatings, deprivation of food and sleep, cutting off from family, friends and other sources of support and threatening or holding hostage of victim's children. Purpose is to totally break down victim's resistance and ensure that she will do anything she is told. SHOWER DANCING: strip club performance in which women are placed naked in a transparent shower. Paying customers may be allowed to apply soap or lotions to their bodies. SISTER WIFE, SISTER-IN-LAW, WIFE-IN-LAW, STABLE SISTER: what women in a pimp's stable call each other. SPONGES: pimps keep their victims working all day, every day, year round ("24/7" is originally a prostitution term). There is no time off for menstruation. Instead of being allowed to use tampons, the women are required to cut up pieces of kitchen sponges and insert them in their vaginas to absorb menstrual blood without the john's noticing, as they would with a tampon. Pimps who want to humiliate the women may make them trade sponges. If he wants to inflict pain, he may make them use sponge/scotchbrite pads with the scotchbrite facing inward. SPORT, BJ, BLOW JOB, FRENCH: oral sex SQUARE: anyone not involved in the life of prostitution. STABLE: group of people under the control of a single pimp. The choice of a farming word is not accidental. Pimps consider their victims to be no better than animals. STRAIGHT SEX, STRAIGHT LAY: vaginal intercourse. STREETWALKER, 'WALKER: someone who primarily contacts tricks by walking the street and making nonverbal signals that they are available. May do car tricks or have a motel room nearby. STRIP CLUBS: a legal system of prostitution in which women and men take their clothes off for the sexual stimulation of customers. Often have private "VIP rooms" for on-site prostitution. STROLL: sections of street commonly used to market sex between johns in cars and women and kids on foot. If it is in a poor neighborhood, or a commercial area not open at night, and therefore there are few complaints to city officials by anyone considered to matter, the area may serve as a kind of "red light" district for decades. SWEATING A BITCH: when a pimp puts pressure on a prostituted person to accept them as their pimp. Methods include stalking, harassment, assaults and outright kidnapping. TABLE DANCING: strip club performance in which a woman will dance on a small platform they carry around with them, or dance on the actual table around which one or more men are seated. The men are clothed while the dancer may be nude or nearly so. TIP: a term used in the escort and massage areas of prostitution. This is the amount actually received by the prostituted person, while the agency gets the "service charge". TRAP: the money or the location where it is hidden while on the circuit. A pimp may empty these traps several times a day. TRACKER: a man who will go after an escaping prostituted person, kidnap them, and return them to the pimp for a fee. TRADE UP, TRADE DOWN, BUY AND SELL: pimps dispose of victims giving them problems, or who no longer match the profile sought by the clientele the pimp normally serves. They may trade straight across, with some money or in return for two or more other victims. The buy/sell price is usually low: $2500 to $3500. The women/kids can be moved long distances rapidly, such as from Portland, OR to Atlanta, GA, with a guard, overnight by air. TRICK: describes both the act of prostitution and the person buying it. Or example, "turning a trick" or "with a trick". TURN OUT: used both to describe being forced into prostitution and a person newly involved in prostitution. "She was turned out at the age of 14 years", or "Syd is a turn out". WORKING: engaged in active prostitution. WORKING GIRL: euphemism for a prostituted woman. Copyright 2004, Joe Parker sam chaotic good   Posts: 4386 Joined: Thu Dec 30, 2004 12:54 am Top Post a reply 1 post • Page 1 of 1 Return to essays, articles, rants for public view Jump to: Select a forum ------------------    resources Public Forums    essays, articles, rants for public view Carnival of Radical Feminists #22 Who is online Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guest Board index The team • Delete all board cookies • All times are UTC - 8 hours Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Group
skip to main | skip to sidebar Happyendingz - confessions of an erotic masseuse My name is CJ, and I'm an Erotic Massage Therapist. Now if you don't know what that is - I work in a massage parlor. Ever drive by one of those places with a red neon sign that says "SPA" and wonder what goes on behind those blackened windows? Well I'm gonna tell ya my massage parlor secrets! I'll teach you what a "Happy Ending" is and all the little tricks I use to give one. So just lay back, relax, and let me do my job... And remember - I work for tips. Thursday, January 10, 2008 Massage Parlor Code Words and Lingo Someone commented to me the other day that they like the idea of my new blog, but sometimes don’t understand the terms I use. I kinda forgot that I’m supposed to be teaching you guys this stuff, so I'll go over the basic lingo we use in the business. So here goes: “The Business” (also referred to as a “Massage parlor” or “Spa”): This is my place of employment where customers come in for a relaxing massage with a little something extra at the end. The Business should not be confused with a “Brothel” which is just sex. Believe it or not, we’re actually expected to provide quality massages here. In fact, most of the girls here are/were licensed massage therapists. “Happy ending” (also referred to as a “Release,” “Climax” or “Money shot”): These are the code words we use to talk about making a guy cum. I personally prefer the term “Release” and use it when talking to customers. When describing to newbies what I do, I find it sounds more professional to say “...I end the massage with a release,” rather than “… when I’m done I’ll jerk you off.” There are different types of releases. The most common is the Hand Release, a.k.a. Handjob. 99% of my sessions end with this one. Another type of release is the Breast Release – also referred to by the more crass term “Tittyfucking.” Another is the Butt Release where the guy lubes up your ass cheeks and slides it between them. There are other variations, but you get the picture. I charge extra for anything other than a hand release, so I don’t get many chances to do one. “Options”: This is the term we use to describe the various ways we provide our massages. For my customers I usually offer these 3 Options: 1) Topless, 2) G-string, 3) Nude. I guess each is self explanatory. There is no real difference to the massage, its just that the guy pays according to the type of view he wants. “Therapeutic”: You could call this the “4th” option. This is a session where the man (or woman) wants nothing more than a legitimate therapeutic massage. NO HAPPY ENDING. In fact, for most of these customers, they are not even aware of our Options! You can imagine why this is our least favorite of the options since we make almost no money off these. Why do we do them you ask? Remember – WE ARE A MASSAGE BUSINESS. And sometimes you have to do what you have to do to keep up the appearance of being legitimate. A lot of these customers are locals who just have no clue, and the one thing you really can't afford to do in this business is make waves with the locals. “Customer” or “Clients”: I wanted to point out that we have customers like any other business. We do not call them “Johns” or “Tricks” or “Dates” like hookers do. “Session” or “In Session”: This is when you’re working with a customer. I’ll say “I’m in Session…” when I’m busy with a client. “Full Service”: Sex. This is the difference between your standard massage parlor and a brothel. A woman or business that offers straight sex above and beyond a handjob is referred to as “Full Service.” It doesn’t necessarily mean you won’t be offered Full Service in a massage parlor – but that’s between you and your masseuse. Well, this is the basic lingo to get you around most businesses. If you have any questions about specific terms you’ve heard before, please ask. Happy hunting! CJ Posted by cj at 4:30 PM Labels: breast release, butt release, full service, hand release, Massage parlor, options, spa 30 comments: Buddy said... What about those asian places? What do you know about them? 1/12/08, 1:22 AM Ronald said... Okay, I get the lingo, but how does everything "go down." For instance, I walk into your place and when we get into the massage room, and you explain the three different options, how do I know a happy ending goes with that? Am I supposed to ask? If I don't say anything, will you skip it? Thanks! 4/16/08, 5:35 PM cj said... Ronald, ALL options come with a happy ending. This is true in any massage parlor. If you take no options, then you'll get a "therapeutic" massage - in which case you get no happy ending. Now if a masseuse offers you options, you can always feel free to verify that. BUT if she offers no options and just starts with the massage - DON'T ASK! You're probably in a legitimate business, or the masseuse doesn't trust you. CJ 4/16/08, 11:34 PM Anonymous said... What is NOVA? 5/5/09, 9:57 PM John said... THANK YOU! I've been waiting so long for one of these days. how much do each of these options usually cost? When exactly should i pop the question? At the front desk... In the room as I walk in... or as I lay down? How could I get my happy ending without spooking her? 9/20/09, 12:46 AM Anonymous said... CJ, I was recently at a massage establishment and ended up getting an erection during the massage. Because the sheet was pretty thin and she was massaging my quads and groin, I'm sure it was noticeable. The therapist asked around that time, "Are you hungry?" I said, "Yes" half hoping the question was code. She then said where are you going to eat and the conversation went on to restaurants other than once more she said, I'm sorry I made you hungry. This was a legit place, but I wonder whether you think this conversation was about food or something else. What do you think? Massage Lover 2/9/10, 12:10 AM Anonymous said... CJ. I have been to a Asian massage but for some reason get really nervous and cannot get an erection until she is actually starting the release. How often does this happen to you? Is it frequent? I notice it when I am nervous and develop shrinkage. :( When she leaves I try to get it going before she returns. Any advice? Any recommendations on how to relax so when its "turn over" time I can show I am ready to begin? Thank you! 5/23/10, 10:07 PM Anonymous said... If you said ":Russian" instead of "breast release", some customers might understand better. At first I thought you meant some kinky stuff involving milk discharges from pregnant masseuses... I've posted elsewhere about it: all that looking down on "brothels" is your deal, but the misinformation is getting old. While it's true that SOME full service houses are just staffed by young and clumsy illegals in the case of AMPs (never saw any drugs, BTW, and I've looked at every inch of the girls' bodies so I think I'd have seen the signs), it is not the rule that you make it to be at all. One particular brothel I spent a fortune at ONLY had licensed therapists on staff (not just a token one for cops) and hid condoms so well that they were never found during a raid. Took more than 10 years and several visits by undercovers to get it closed down. The owners think that customers or the parlor across the street ratted them out, because everything seemed legit unless you were in the know. Their customers included cops, an attorney, actors, and a movie exec, according to one girl - you think those people get laid with junkies in flea-infested, mob-owned ratholes? A LOT of FBSM ads are placed by LMTs and nurses who rent a trick pad with a couple of girfriends and sometimes they offer full service or tantra stuff. I'm not gonna publicize them for the curious, but escort and escort/MP review sites are full of leads. So just because a girl sells it all, it doesn't mean she's not licensed and therefore lower than you. There. Since I'm an asian lover I wouldn't claim that most of my FS experiences were with LMTs, however, although some had been therapists in their country of origin. But they all gave a good to very good massage, thank you. The fact that I usually want to go straight to sex with my regulars is MY choice, and that can hurt their feelings because asians could give you pointers about customer service, from your writings here. Some Koreans will even help you dress up when done, a little freaky to us westerners. Another thing that irritates me on your blog is the mention that every act has to be discussed and that money has to be given beforehand. In the majority of cases, legit massages to FS GFE, I have spoken very little (polite pleasantries and compliments) with asians and paid last. Could be the language barrier and shyness of the girls, but that's been part of the charm for me. The whole bargaining and planning thing is so clinical and, frankly, what you'd expect from a hooker. "Well, show me the money, honey!" And paying last has always seemed to ensure that the girl would try to impress me, and to tailor the amount to my satisfaction level and to what actually happened during the session, which CAN be unpredictable - we're not robots. 9/14/10, 11:48 AM Anonymous said... Correction: there IS money paid upfront, at the desk, and it's the house fee. What goes on in the room, between provider and monger, is what's negotiable and unpredictable, hence my preference for tipping at the end. I've had one or two girls ask to see the green or how much I was going to tip, and I indulged them, but that's not my M.O. and the majority of asians seem perfectly fine with it. Do business your way (I'll be the one reader to say that I hope to NEVER set foot in your parlor), but please understand that it's not the only way, or even the rule, and that those who act differently are not necessarily inferior (and drug-addicted-illegal-skanky-slaves-who-talk-funny). 9/14/10, 12:01 PM Anonymous said... CJ, I am looking for a place in San Diego that would honor this vocabulary, do you know of any? 11/23/10, 3:14 PM Jeff said... CJ, I am looking for a place in San Diego that would honor this vocabulary, do you know of any? 11/23/10, 3:14 PM Anonymous said... Do you ever get girls who want you to give them happy endings? 1/7/11, 3:36 PM cj said... No. Our female customers have no clue we also do happy endings. cj 1/9/11, 11:24 PM Anonymous said... wow CJ you are insanely hot and funny btw. question; i see these randon ads claiming to offer 'body to body' 'tantric' 'relaxing and sensual massage' then the last sentence will be 'this is not a sexual service' is it a trick to send out mix signals? 3/23/11, 7:22 PM Derek said... You fucking bitch! This is Derek! I checked your computer when you went into the shower this morning. You have told total strangers everything about yourself, and here I am your boyfriend, the one you supposedly wish to keep for 1 year, the one who has satiated your vaginal deep dicking desires anytime and everytime you have craved my king size twix peanut butter, and I find out this way? That's right, it's big, long and sweet. Since we're dishing out everything, maybe your readers would care to find out how we met. Well people, here it is... It was a dark and stormy night. The winds were blowing due East, I was walking out of my hotel at the Abraham Lincoln on 5th on my way to Golds Gym. I was in town on business. I'm from California. Anyway, there she was at the entrance under an umbrella, nearly drenched. Hair disheveled and looking like a homeless goat. I pass her, but then I thought, maybe I can offer some help. So, I go up to her... "Excuse me, miss... I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your heart?" She looked at me, silence... and then she burst into uncontrolled laughter spraying my face. "Hahaha, you're a dork." she says. "Alrighty, then. Tell you what, whoever you're waiting for isn't coming. Let's go to that Starbucks over there." I guess I'm not going to workout today. It's okay though, because it's Tuesday, and it's only biceps, triceps, and deltoids day. I didn't want to invite her into my room even though it was just there. I didn't know if she was an axe murderer. A public place with many witnesses is good just to get her out of the pouring rain so she won't get pneumonia. "Is that right?" "What, you're waiting for some guy you met on e-harmony. They all like long walks on the beach, and there's only a river here... hardly a beach. He's not coming." She pauses for a moment, and flutters her eyes looking at me. It was as if she was melting. Anyway, either it's the rainwater or she's high. We walk over to the starbucks, we order, and then she tells me her story. Bla bla bla... she finishes her drink, and all that's left in my short java chip frappucino is the whipped cream. "So... tell you what, I'll drive you home. Do you live far from here?" "I live about 12 miles that way." She points to some vague direction to my right. "Okay, well, let me get my keys in my room. You can come up if you'd like. I was going to take a cab to the gym." "Sure." So there we went. I slide in my card key to open the door. And we go in. So I said, "Make yourself at home. I'm going to go into the restroom for a minute." "Sure, okay." I go into the rest room. I unbutton my jeans and then proceed to drain the Red October. There I am minding my own business, and then suddenly the door opens behind me and a hand reaches around and grips perfectly my nuclear powered submarine. Then I hear a whispering... "Shh... just relax." Me, taken aback couldn't help but ask, "Uhm... what are you doing?" "I'm giving you a relaxing massage." 4/6/11, 12:19 PM Derek said... "Is that right?" "Hmm... what options would you like?" "Options???" I turn around, and she was in her tight white short nurses' outfit wet as rain, and already partially undone. "Yes. Would you like to see my boobs? Or maybe something more?" At this point, I thought, I'll play along. I know Ashton Kutcher is outside with a camera crew punking me. "Well, how about we take off all your clothes because they're all wet." Then I ease her into bed. "Sure, why don't you take them off me?" So I proceed to take off her nurse's hat, and then start unbuttoning her dress. And then she grabbed my hands and put them aside, "No, no no." "But... I thought..." "Not with your fingers silly. Take my clothes off with your teeth." I try to unbutton her clothes as instructed, and she helped a little bit. My face would occasionally rub on her nipples and feeling the soft warm caress of her breasts. I play along. At this point, she's fully naked... and when I wasn't expecting it, she pushes me, and I fall on the bed. She jumps on me and straddles me. "Shh... just relax... and lay back." She reaches down my black CK boxer briefs and finds the missile has been armed. She's on top of me, laying down and kisses me behind the ears... "Mmm... what is that? What are you wearing?" "Uhm, nothing... just burberry." "Mmm....yummy... g-r-r-o-o-w-l" "Wait, should we be doing this? I don't even know your name." "My name is CJ. It stands for Cum Junkie. Meow..." So she starts stroking my cock, and I noticed she was using the ancient crouching tiger hidden dragon kung fu grip technique flawlessly. I didn't mention it and just let her keep going. At this point, I was starting to lose myself... my mind. Like a tiger, I grab wrists, and in one motion pulled her onto the bed and turned. Her hands are pinned to the bed, and our eyes meet. Without saying a thing, I slide down slowly... she spreads her legs a little, and I get in between them. I didn't enter her... but my erect cock touch her clit. "Oh, Derek..." she moans. "Please..." "Please, what?" "Please put it inside of me..." I ignored her... I didn't put it inside... I just kept on rubbing her clit. And then she starts to make those involuntary twitches... "Ah!" short, high-pitched ahhs. Wait... hey is there any potato chips in here? CJ, all those times we've shared. All those times when you cried please stop just when you've orgasmed for the sixteenth consecutive time on my hard unmedicated love making magic wand and I ignored and continued on until you broke into tears in sheer ecstasy in the bathroom, in the kitchen, in the bedroom, in the alley behind the laundry place, I thought those were real. I thought we shared those special moments. I thought you meant it because I know I did. Now I know you were just working me. CJ, I'm a man. I'm not just a piece of meat. I'm not just a sex toy for your utter, total, and complete satisfaction. I have feelings. I am a man. I have emotions too. We're done. It's over. I'm leaving back for California. I am a man, CJ and I deserve better. Hear me roar! Arf! Arf! Derek 4/6/11, 12:19 PM Roar said... Derek, you're not a man. You're an idiot. 4/8/11, 10:35 AM firealarmguy84 said... found an asian place above a truck stop but how do I know if they do happy endings or what the seceret word is 6/18/11, 6:27 PM cj said... Asian massage parlor in a truck stop? I think you answered your own question. CJ 7/1/11, 10:59 PM Anonymous said... so i called up this asian place near my house i found on rubmaps.com and i asked if they ended their service with a 'release' and the woman had no clue what i meant... 7/5/11, 9:41 AM harrisburger said... In Harrisburg... Really struggling to find a happy ending massage. Started on Craigslist and read a posting that I thought had all the right signs of what I was looking for. Turned out to be a not so great massage, with a not so happy ending. The woman was middle aged and about 300lbs too. I would have overlooked both of those things if she was exceptionally good at the ending, but she acted like I was a pervert when I asked about it. I really don't want to keep paying people in HOPES they will pan out. If someone knows where I can get what I'm looking for, I sure would appreciate the tip. For the record: I'm a 40 year old, married, handsome, clean, super nice guy. Not a creeper. Could be a regular customer if I find the right girl. 7/11/11, 1:03 PM Ran said... Hey, found ur blog today I guess u could call me another "fan"  I know your out of the "business" and you have a lot to deal with but I wanted to twist your arm for a little advise, if I may?  First I wanted To share alittle first. I hope you take this in a respectful way. I wanted to say after reading alot of your blog, starting in 07 reading, you sounded ok with the work you are doing, til now you sound like u have some  moral issue or maybe it caused you a lot of mental stress. But you are LMt you sound like you give one hell of a massage and work hard for your money. If you get some nice respectful Clients u offer them options, you sound like you handle it very professional, I see it as going above and beyond your job.   But from the outside almost looks like you have gone beyond too many times for people who haven't treated you like a professional.  Just by reading the blog I can tell you can read people and not once have seen you complained about the massage part of the work. Maybe just re-look at who those above and beyond clients should be, well not just maybe, that's just being respectful to yourself. If this is time for you to move on then do you need to stay happy, but don't let some assholes drive you away. Your way too good for this business to let some dumb person get to you.   I wanted to share alittle about me and what led me to finding this hunt to find the lmt that gets paid in tips.  I'm a workalcohcolic, after the last two years of many rough months I have pushed though all the bs the world has thrown my way. I have became very sick for nine months I have been battling extreme fatigue and dizziness, let's get to the point, with the chonic back pain I have. I got curious for massage to deal with pain. Now I'm thinking can't I get both, release to do away with undo stress and be able to relax. I have thought of it, but approaching the situation i couldn't just go and expect some cute girl to do a full service I'm not disrespectful.  Now for alittle advise I want to make sure I have all this clear so I'm not getting a massage and acting like a disrespectful ass. So.... Get scheduled  To the room talk about general life and enjoy her company then and if I'm given options (normally sometimes on return visits, after two move on) 1. Topless 2-3 so on  Pick  And 1-3 gets a finish and 4 nothing ...  Just need to make sure I'm offered a option, which I'm lost how that will come up.  I do tip well, I like to take care of good people.  Thanxs for the advise, I'm sure you will start that tanning business. You have that professional attitude. 7/19/11, 9:49 PM Anonymous said... I found this site to be very informative, but unfortunately, none of it seems to apply in Harrisburg, PA. I guess I would need to travel for it to be possible... Either that or I'm really having bad luck with your suggestions. 7/27/11, 1:43 PM Anonymous said... For those of you looking for a real fbsm you may want to see if there is a myredbook.com in your area. I find it to be an effective way to know what I am getting into before I pay for a massage without the "release". Good luck! 10/21/11, 2:16 PM Anonymous said... Men... she charges way too much...go to a asian massage parlor...not a brothel but one that does the exact same thing she does at a fraction of the cost...and that is why she is so against them...not for illegal trafficking etc but they are competition... learn how to safe time and money getting your happy Ending @ www.parlorguide.com 2/1/12, 4:19 PM Anonymous said... How do i know if the place is actually giving hand jobs or blow jobs, or if its a legit business? 3/22/12, 6:38 PM Anonymous said... @anonymous visit http://www.rubmaps.com .. it has reviews 4/5/12, 3:11 PM Adult Sex Toys said... really good post (and I love your blog too). I had no idea about the terminology. I love massages and don't really mind what you call the "finale" ;) xxx 7/15/12, 6:46 AM claverboy07 said... So it is a federal crime to blur out a face, remove tats and add writing on a photo that may be used for an escort ad? You've got to be kidding. Then there are thousands of guilty parties out there if that is the case. Escorts Tantric Massage Erotic Massage adult escort service massage tantric 7/31/12, 10:50 AM Anonymous said... Is there an age limit? Cause I went to this one asian massage place, and she asked how old I was. I wasn't sure about any age limits so I said 19. She said come back in a couple years. Then I found another place. I said I was 21 and I got in. Happy ending from there 9/25/12, 3:44 PM Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) View My Stats About Me cj I'm a 20-something massage therapist from southeast PA. I've been working in massage parlors for almost 10 years and finally decided I had to share my stories with someone. View my complete profile For Newbies...Erotic Massage 101 Just Another Day at the Office Massage Parlor Code Words and Lingo How to Find a Massage Parlor Massage Parlor Etiquette Stupid Newbie Mistakes - or What NOT To Do In A Massage Parlor Choose Your Options The Extras More Options and Extras Outcall Massage Legit Massage - Or NO Happy Endings... Basic Massage Parlor Tips for Newbies Still Afraid to Visit a Massage Parlor? Happy Endings - Or the Art of Closing the Deal A Good Hand is Hard to Find Confessions of an Erotic Legal Assistant Asian Massage Parlors and Why NOT to Go Asian Massage Parlors Boycott Asian Massage Parlors! ANOTHER Reason to Boycott Asian Massage Parlors Blog Archive ►  2014 (2) ►  January (2) ►  2013 (1) ►  January (1) ►  2012 (30) ►  October (2) ►  September (2) ►  August (4) ►  July (4) ►  June (3) ►  May (3) ►  April (3) ►  March (3) ►  February (2) ►  January (4) ►  2011 (39) ►  December (3) ►  November (2) ►  October (4) ►  September (4) ►  August (2) ►  July (3) ►  June (2) ►  May (4) ►  April (5) ►  March (4) ►  February (2) ►  January (4) ►  2010 (89) ►  December (6) ►  November (7) ►  October (7) ►  September (6) ►  August (5) ►  July (8) ►  June (8) ►  May (7) ►  April (9) ►  March (9) ►  February (7) ►  January (10) ►  2009 (104) ►  December (9) ►  November (7) ►  October (12) ►  September (9) ►  August (10) ►  July (10) ►  June (9) ►  May (9) ►  April (7) ►  March (8) ►  February (8) ►  January (6) ▼  2008 (106) ►  December (8) ►  November (7) ►  October (7) ►  September (10) ►  August (10) ►  July (9) ►  June (10) ►  May (13) ►  April (13) ►  March (9) ►  February (6) ▼  January (4) Boyfriends - or - How can you date someone when yo... Asian Massage Parlors Massage Parlor Code Words and Lingo Cheap Ass Customers ►  2007 (2) ►  December (2) MySpace http://www.myspace.com/happyendingzcj BlogCatalog There was an error in this gadget   Search This Blog Loading...
Shemale Escorts Classified Ads Site Toronto Home Archive Random Subscribe Search: Once you have booked after escort reviews Toronto, it will be their duty to provide you with full satisfaction. You can ask them to do provide whatever you wish to get from them. They are always at your service any time you wish. You can now look for the escorts from Asian countries. Some people prefer Asian beauties from the group of attractive escorts available with the agencies. 11th June 2013 Toronto Massage Parlors Ads Are you on the lookout for the best ads website for escort services? Looking out for something that fits your budget perfectly? Seeking maximum online attention? If this is what you are looking for, then localorgasms.com is the right choice for you. This website hosts several free escort ads regularly for its esteemed online consumer base. For attaining the best online advertising experience you must try out venturing with this website. You can fit your ads into any of the given category on the website. The best part about uploading ads on this website is that it does not cost you a single dime. Posting ads on this website is absolutely free. Advertise about your escort services without any budget worries. Advertise in a genuine way: This is one of the top rated escort classified site and you can completely rely on this website for your business. The website is hundred percent reliable and renowned. This website ensures a large number of visitors and the turnaround time does not exceed beyond elongated limits.  You can post up to 10 hot and appealing pictures of yours on this website. This assures maximum number of visitors and pictures do have a great impact on the visiting frequency. Visitors of this website trust the ads posted and consider it as a genuine source. So you don’t have to worry about the responses. If you are good at the business, your advertisements on this website will do the rest. This website hosts innumerable ads daily. For example, if a visitor is looking out for female escorts Toronto, the website provides systematic links to the ads posted by female escort service providers based in Toronto. Thus, you don’t have to worry about the response your ads may get if they are not seen on the home page of the website. The website has a very refined search pattern and the links to your ads will never fade out. You can post as many ads as you wish for the various escort services you provide. Visitors on this website claim to have the opportunity to choose from the best Escorts Toronto compared to any other escort services hosting website. Many service providers across the globe have laid their trust on this website and have experienced the best responses ever. Try uploading the best and kinkiest pictures of yours on the ads. This will ensure more number of responses to your ads. The website localorgasms.com also posts a number of massage parlour ads. You can upload the additional list of services you provide to attract as many visitors as you would like to have. The website has a very user friendly and attractive interface to engage the visitors. Once logged on to the website, the visitors can easily search for ads or items of their preference. The websites constantly strives to cover all the categories and sections requested from different visitors. So if your ad covers the niche, it will definitely bring in a lot of business. Localorgasms.com takes pride in its accuracy and genuine information facilitated to all its clients. Source By: – http://www.localorgasms.com/ Tagged: female escorts toronto escort reviews toronto toronto massage parlors escorts toronto Source: localorgasms.com 7th June 2013 Massage Parlor Ads → Browse or place your escort agency or massage parlor ads? It’s absolutely free of charge and you can upload up to 10 sexy pictures in localorgasms.com. For More Information:– http://www.localorgasms.com/local-orgasm-ads/browse-categories/ Tagged: free escort ads Source: localorgasms.com 7th June 2013 Toronto Massage Parlors → Find erotic massage parlors in toronto and share your feedback on local orgasms you had with Toronto massage parlors. For More Information:– http://www.localorgasms.com/toronto-massage-parlors/ Tagged: escorts classifieds Source: localorgasms.com 7th June 2013 Escort Reviews Toronto → Write toronto escorts reviews about your experience. Provide feedback on local orgasms you had with escorts toronto. The hottest and fastest growing Guide to local Escort services. For More Information:– http://www.localorgasms.com/escort-reviews-toronto/ Tagged: massage parlor ads 7th June 2013 Escort Classified Site → Localorgasms - escort classifieds site offers the best orgasmic experiences know to mankind. Find female and shemale Escorts ads or post free escort ad now, it’s absolutely free. For More Information:– http://www.localorgasms.com/ Tagged: toronto escort reviews 10th May 2013 Escort Reviews Toronto Since you are in the modern society, you must have clear ideas about the escort services. Previously, there were many taboos associated with the escort services. But today, the modern society has abolished every backward thought connected to escort services.  Once you visit any alone, you can easily spend some time with the beautiful escorts seen in Massage Parlor Ads. From different corners of the world, you will be able to get services with the beautiful escorts around.  Tourist coming from various parts of the world is really happy to enjoy the company of escorts from Toronto Massage Parlors. Hunting place for escorts If you are looking for the escorts, the best place to go for a search is internet. Through internet, you will be able to view the profile of each lady with their picture.  You can easily find a good option from the online profiles available. The agencies will help you get the right lady once you are in touch with them. In modern days, escorts are available in all corners. But, locating them will not be a problem if you have an internet connection as well as a computer.  Just you need to click a button of your keyboard or mouse; automatically you will get the particular escorts just by your side. Categories of escorts If you are looking for an escort, it is really important to know certain categories.  There are escorts for a different purpose in the agencies. The taste and desire of an individual can vary. Thus, the escort agencies have provided individuals with all types of escorts so that they may not have a single complaint with regard to the options available with escorts in free escort ads.  There are different services provided by the escorts.  These beautiful escorts are once again categorized according to the looks, age and types of service. Services provided by each escorts There are some categories of escorts basically for out call service. You can get them exclusively for the out call service. But, there are varieties of escorts who can provide you with specialized service in the home comfort. Some escorts are ideal for taking them to a party. If there are some business deals, your client will be really happy to see these beautiful escorts.  Some gentlemen has a fascination for dark and bold variety of escorts where as another category of men would like fair women with blue eyes. Whatever may be the preference, the escort agencies will provide them with full freedom while choosing the escort according to their choice. Once you have booked after escort reviews Toronto, it will be their duty to provide you with full satisfaction. You can ask them to do provide whatever you wish to get from them. They are always at your service any time you wish.  You can now look for the escorts from Asian countries. Some people prefer Asian beauties from the group of attractive escorts available with the agencies. You can get slim and trim variety of escorts who can provide you with great satisfaction.  You can make an order of the escorts with any race and language efficiency. The staff members of escort agency can definitely help you get whatever you actually wished to avail. The escorts with busty and exotic shape can also be availed from the escort agency. The choice of an escort is up to you. For More Information: – localorgasms.com Tagged: free escort ads escort classified site female escorts toronto toronto massage parlors Source: localorgasms.com Original design by John Oxton | Illustration by Denis Radenkovic | Modified for Tumblr by Christian Montoya | This design is released under a Creative Commons license
The Online Slang Dictionary (American, English, and Urban slang) Login     Register     Forgot password     Resend confirmation Dictionary home New words Random Word list Browse by letter Slang ("urban") thesaurus Submit Home New words Random Word list Browse by letter Slang ("urban") thesaurus Submit Home New words Random Word list By letter Slang ("urban") thesaurus Submit Home New words Random Word list By letter Slang thesaurus Submit Home New words Random Word list By letter Thesaurus Submit Home New Random Word list By letter Thesaurus Submit Home New Random List Letters Thesaurus Submit New Random List Letters Thesaurus Submit New Random List Thesaurus Submit Page 1 2 3 Browsing page 1 of words meaning prostitution (related to) (28 words total) The slang words in this thesaurus category appear below the table of contents. Where does this category appear in the slang thesaurus? Things police and crime To expand these results, click one of the above categories. prostitution (related to) There are no categories underneath this one. This category is also filed under: Things → sexuality (related to) → prostitution (related to) Things → work (related to) → professions (list of) → prostitution (related to) Other → insults (list of) → prostitution (related to) What slang words have this meaning? The definitions of these slang words appear below the list. call girl – cathouse – coke whore – date – dope whore – escort – GFE – gigolo – girlfriend experience – gutter whore – ho – hoe – hoe stroll – hook – hooker – John – kiddie stroll – lot lizard – madame – pimp – poon – pro – punter – stroll – trick – whore – whorehouse – working girl Full definitions of all the slang words listed above: C call girl noun a prostitute. See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on Sep 07 2010. Submitted by Walter Rader (Editor) from Sacramento, CA, USA on Sep 02 2009. a female available for companionship in exchange for payment. Last edited on Sep 07 2010. Submitted by Walter Rader (Editor) from Sacramento, CA, USA on Sep 02 2009. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap cathouse     noun a brothel; "whorehouse".                                                                                                                                                                              Citation from "Oil and Water", Running Wilde (TV, 2010), Season 1 Episode 3 blacked out to resolve Google's penalty against this site.                                                                                                                                                  Citation from "Jeu Monegasque", Archer (TV), Season 2 Episode 11 (2011) blacked out to resolve Google's penalty against this site. See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on Jul 10 2011. Submitted by Walter Rader (Editor) from Sacramento, CA, USA on Aug 26 2009. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap coke whore     noun a prostitute that gets paid in cocaine. Often times used in name calling. You are such a coke whore! See more words with the same meaning: drug user. See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on Feb 20 2013. Submitted by me on Jan 04 2005. a woman who performs sexual favors for cocaine.                                                                                                                                                    Citation from "You've Got Male", Happy Endings (TV), Season 1 Episode 9 (2011) blacked out to resolve Google's penalty against this site. See more words with the same meaning: drug user. Last edited on Jul 21 2011. Submitted by Adam from Los Angeles, CA, USA on Aug 15 2007. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap D date     noun a sexual transaction with a prostitute.                                                                                 Citation from Rookie Blue, "Signals Crossed", Season 1 Episode 4 blacked out to resolve Google's penalty against this site.                                                                                                                                                    Citation from "Hit Me Baby", Life (TV, 2009), Season 2 Episode 16 blacked out to resolve Google's penalty against this site. See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on Nov 09 2010. Submitted by Walter Rader (Editor) from Sacramento, CA, USA on Aug 20 2010. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap dope whore     noun a person who exchanges sex for drugs. Tina, you're such a dope whore. See more words with the same meaning: drug user. See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on Jan 05 2013. Submitted by Nica on Jan 05 2013. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap E escort     noun a prostitute who doesn't work at a brothel. That guy is a escort. See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on Nov 26 2011. Submitted by T. Martinez from Denver, CO, USA on Feb 26 1999. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap G GFE     noun - uncountable acronym for "girlfriend experience." I offer the full GFE. See more words with the same meaning: acronyms (list of). See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on Jan 08 2013. Submitted by Walter Rader (Editor) from Sacramento, CA, USA on Aug 11 2009. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap gigolo noun a male prostitute.                                                                   Citation from "Everybody Flirts... Sometimes", Raising Hope (TV), Season 1 Episode 20 (2011) blacked out to resolve Google's penalty against this site. See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on May 05 2011. Submitted by Walter Rader (Editor) from Sacramento, CA, USA on May 05 2011. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap girlfriend experience     noun - uncountable a service offered by some prostitutes, in which they attempt to replicate the experience of being with a girlfriend. I'm looking for the girlfriend experience, not just a happy ending. See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on Dec 17 2011. Submitted by spacey vancouver bc on Dec 16 2011. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap gutter whore     noun a whore - i.e. a promiscuous (usually female) person, or an actual prostitute (usually female) - who is not doing well financially. That is: a whore who is (literally or figuratively) living in a gutter. I just got fired. I was living hand to mouth, so I have no savings. I don't think I have that much time until I'll end up as a gutter whore. See more words with the same meaning: poor, poor person, homeless person. See more words with the same meaning: promiscuous. See more words with the same meaning: prostitution (related to). Last edited on Jun 16 2016. Submitted by Walter Rader (Editor) from Sacramento, CA, USA on Sep 08 2015. + Add a definition for this slang term Share Tweet E-mail More info: Interactive stats:  R Related words Usage Vulgarity SlangMap Page 1 2 3 Copyright © 1996 - 2016 by The Online Slang Dictionary. All Rights Reserved.    Terms of Service    Privacy Policy    About    Blog Maintained by Walter Rader ( )
InstagramFacebook Twitter Search Donate The Problem What is Sex Trafficking? FAQs Glossary of Terms What We Do Prevent Training Awareness Collaboration Restore Programs Partners Stories of Hope Bring Justice Policy Development Legislative Action Center Resources Research Store Policy Tools Join The Cause Ambassadors of Hope Become a Defender Report Trafficking Add A Badge Donate News & Events Latest News Request a Speaker Host an Event Attend an Event Press Center About Us Our Mission and Values Our Story Our Impact Financial Accountability Leadership Join Our Team Contact Us 0 Items Home > The Problem > Trafficking Terms Trafficking Terms The following list of key terms used in sex trafficking is published in Renting Lacy: A Story of America’s Prostituted Children by Linda Smith. To learn more, order your copy of Renting Lacy today. Automatic — A term denoting the victim’s “automatic” routine when her pimp is out of town, in jail, or otherwise not in direct contact with those he is prostituting. Victims are expected to comply with the rules and often do so out of fear of punishment or because they have been psychologically manipulated into a sense of loyalty or love. All money generated on “automatic” is turned over to the pimp. This money may be used to support his concession/phone account or to pay his bond if he’s in jail. Bottom — A female appointed by the trafficker/pimp to supervise the others and report rule violations. Operating as his “right hand,” the Bottom may help instruct victims, collect money, book hotel rooms, post ads, or inflict punishments on other girls. Branding — A tattoo or carving on a victim that indicates ownership by a trafficker/pimp/gang. Brothel (a/k/a Cathouse or Whorehouse) — These establishments may be apartments, houses, trailers, or any facility where sex is sold on the premises. It could be in a rural area or nice neighborhood. Most brothels have security measures to prevent attacks by other criminals or provide a warning if law enforcement are nearby. The security is two sided–to keep the women and children in, as well as robbers out. The places often are guarded (and open) 24 hours a day, but some have closing times in which the victims are locked in from the outside. Victims may be kept in this location for extended periods of time, or rotated to other locations every few days.  Caught A Case — A term that refers to when a pimp or victim has been arrested and charged with a crime. Choosing Up — The process by which a different pimp takes “ownership” of a victim. Victims are instructed to keep their eyes on the ground at all times. According to traditional pimping rules, when a victim makes eye contact with another pimp (accidentally or on purpose), she is choosing him to be her pimp. If the original pimp wants the victim back, he must pay a fee to the new pimp. When this occurs, he will force the victim to work harder to replace the money lost in transaction. (See Reckless Eyeballing) Circuit — A series of cities among which prostituted people are moved. One example would be the West Coast circuit of San Diego, Las Vegas, Portland, and the cities between. The term can also refer to a chain of states such as the “Minnesota pipeline” by which victims are moved through a series of locations from Minnesota to markets in New York. Daddy — The term a pimp will often require his victim to call him. Date — The exchange when prostitution takes place, or the activity of prostitution. A victim is said to be “with a date” or “dating.” Escort Service — An organization, operating chiefly via cell phone and the internet, which sends a victim to a buyer’s location (an “outcall”) or arranges for the buyer to come to a house or apartment (an “in-call”); this may be the workplace of a single woman or a small brothel. Some escort services are networked with others and can assemble large numbers of women for parties and conventions. Exit Fee — The money a pimp will demand from a victim who is thinking about trying to leave. It will be an exorbitant sum, to discourage her from leaving. Most pimps never let their victims leave freely. Family/Folks — The term used to describe the other individuals under the control of the same pimp. He plays the role of father (or “Daddy”) while the group fulfills the need for a “family.” Finesse Pimp/Romeo Pimp — One who prides himself on controlling others primarily through psychological manip­ulation. Although he may shower his victims with affection and gifts (especially during the recruitment phase), the threat of violence is always present. Gorilla (or Guerilla) Pimp — A pimp who controls his victims almost entirely through physical violence and force. “John” (a/k/a Buyer or “Trick”) — An individual who pays for or trades something of value for sexual acts. Kiddie Stroll – An area known for prostitution that features younger victims. Lot Lizard — Derogatory term for a person who is being prostituted at truck stops. Madam — An older woman who manages a brothel, escort service or other prostitution establishment. She may work alone or in collaboration with other traffickers. Out of Pocket —  The phrase describing when a victim is not under control of a pimp but working on a pimp-controlled track, leaving her vulnerable to threats, harassment, and violence in order to make her “choose” a pimp. This may also refer to a victim who is disobeying the pimp’s rules. Pimp Circle — When several pimps encircle a victim to intimidate through verbal and physical threats in order to discipline the victim or force her to choose up. Quota — A set amount of money that a trafficking victim must make each night before she can come “home.” Quotas are often set between $300 and $2000. If the victim returns without meeting the quota, she is typically beaten and sent back out on the street to earn the rest. Quotas vary according to geographic region, local events, etc. Reckless Eyeballing — A term which refers to the act of looking around instead of keeping your eyes on the ground. Eyeballing is against the rules and could lead an untrained victim to “choose up” by mistake. Renegade — A person involved in prostitution without a pimp. Seasoning — A combination of psychological manipulation, intimidation, gang rape, sodomy, beatings, deprivation of food or sleep, isolation from friends or family and other sources of support, and threatening or holding hostage of a victim’s children. Seasoning is designed to break down a victim’s resistance and ensure compliance. Squaring Up — Attempting to escape or exit prostitution.  Stable — A group of victims who are under the control of a single pimp. The Game/The Life — The subculture of prostitution, complete with rules, a hierarchy of authority, and language. Referring to the act of pimping as ‘the game’ gives the illusion that it can be a fun and easy way to make money, when the reality is much harsher. Women and girls will say they’ve been “in the life” if they’ve been involved in prostitution for a while. Track (a/k/a Stroll or Blade) — An area of town known for prostitution activity. This can be the area around a group of strip clubs and pornography stores, or a particular stretch of street. Trade Up/Trade Down — To move a victim like merchandise between pimps. A pimp may trade one girl for another or trade with some exchange of money. Trick — Committing an act of prostitution (verb), or the person buying it (noun). A victim is said to be “turning a trick” or “with a trick.” Turn Out — To be forced into prostitution (verb) or a person newly involved in prostitution (noun). Wifeys/Wife-in-Law/Sister Wife — What women and girls under the control of the same pimp call each other. (See Family/Folks and Stable.) Order Renting Lacy Learn more about child sex trafficking in America by ordering your copy of Renting Lacy: A Story of America’s Prostituted Children today! This riveting account exposes the dark underworld of the trafficking industry through the stories of those who live there. Order now! Why I Fight Sex Trafficking What Could I Do to Make a Difference? How our Culture normalizes Sexualization Finding Yourself in the Flow of Fighting Sex Trafficking Learn About Our Partners We provide hands-on support and funding to 12 local organizations in 5 countries to support the expansion of innovative restorative programs and expanded shelter options. Learn about our partners. Listen to the Story of Two Teens Tricked into Trafficking Brianna and Lacy team up to teach teens about the warning signs of trafficking. Watch now. Prevention: It Matters! Children: Victims Not Criminals A Southwest Washington Girl was Rescued and Given Her Name Back Knowledge is Powerful and Helpful: How Trauma Can Impact Interviews of DMST More Awareness News The News Creating a county-wide CSEC MDT: Flying the plane as we are building it… Attitude of Gratitude Prevention: It Matters! What is Justice Supposed to Look Like? Children: Victims Not Criminals More Posts from this Category Recent Posts Creating a county-wide CSEC MDT: Flying the plane as we are building it… Receive the latest news and stories Get Updates Donate 1-866-HER-LIFE Facebook Twitter VimeoInstagram Copyright © 2016 Shared Hope International | P.O. Box 65337 Vancouver, WA 98665 | Privacy Policy | Shared Hope is a 501(c)3 non-profit
Overview Find An Escort The Cost How To Call An Escort Prep For Your Escort How To Date Your Escort Never Get Busted By Cops About JJ JJ0 Comments How To Find An Escort Many people think that finding an escort and having sex with her is as easy as calling her, giving her the money, and then getting laid. But newbies who decide to find and date an escort realize there are some unanticipated pitfalls and landmines with escorts. Some of the things they start to realize: Your challenge with escorts is to avoid the pitfalls. I have the best answers and solutions. What if she is a cop? Can I get arrested? What if she robs me or her pimp beats me up? Why is she asking me for my employment information? Why do I get hung up on? When do I give her the money? When these thoughts start to enter your mind, you realize that the world of escorts is more complicated than you originally thought. Well, I’m here to demystify this world and help you find an escort who will satisfy your sexual fantasies and needs. There are five simple steps to dating an escort: Finding a good escort Preparing to call her Calling her Preparing for your date Dating her ***Btw, if you have a specific question or issue, email me at “jj@beginnerescortguide.com and I’ll try to answer it as soon as I can***   Step 1 – Find an escort who you are attracted to AND who is a good provider Finding the “RIGHT” escort for you at the outset is the most important step of the process This step is the most important in the process. Selecting a good escort will make the remaining steps a lot easier. Obviously, selecting a bad escort will make the following steps hell, and perhaps unrecoverable. Click here for an in-depth, detailed explanation on how to find an escort. But here are the basics. You must first look at where escorts advertise. The largest sites are: Backpage.com CityVibe.com Eros.com There could be smaller regional sites in your area (and they are good resources if they exist), but the larger sites are a good place to start. When looking at the postings, you’ll quickly find escorts who you are attracted to. But you also want to look out for possible scam escorts. Here are some warning signs to look for: If her picture is “too good to be true”, she probably is, but not always. Good research will reveal the truth. Studio pictures – this sometimes (not always) indicates that it could be a bait and switch, where the picture is not really her Multiple listings – if her listing exist in multiple cities, this could indicate a scam If you are still concerned about your selection, here is an advanced strategy for verifying if she is a good escort or not .   Step 2: Get prepared for your call I cannot stress this enough: the purpose of the call is to set your appointment, nothing else. A common newbie mistake is asking her questions about different sex acts during your phone call. This is a huge no-no. And if she is an undercover cop, you’re heading down an easy road of getting arrested. For the quick, professional advise on how to NEVER get arrested, click here.   Before calling the escort, you’ll want to get three things ready: Research Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment References   Research Proper research is essential not just to protect yourself and to get the woman you want, but also to secure a date with her too. Not being prepared will jeopardize your changes with her (and most escorts). Research as much as you can about your chosen woman. Most good escorts will have a website with general information and answers to commonly asked questions. With her ad, along with her website, you should find most of your questioned answered. If you want to take an advanced approach, check with review sites for reviews of her from your fellow hobbyists. There many review sites out there, but one specific site is better than the rest. Click here for a video on exactly how I used this review sites to find an escort.   Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment You should know the when and where of your preferred appointment, and a few alternate times if your first choice is not available. The more open your schedule is, the more likely it is that you’ll get an appointment. Also, time is one of the elements determines the cost of the appointment. The average date is 1 hour, although spending an evening with each other is typically very enjoyable with higher end escorts. The other two elements that determines cost is how beautiful she is and the “level of service” she provides. If you want more detailed knowledge, download my “Expected Cost Guide”. I also give a video explanation of the various cost of escort donation fees. Download it here.     References Being prepared to get verified is one of the key things to getting an appointment. But if you are a newbie with no references, this can be a challenge. But there are ways to overcome it. This is one that tends to throw off newbies. When an escort asks for references, they are looking for one (or two) of these three things: 1) two escorts that you’ve seen in past, 2) employment information, or 3) verification credentials. Obviously if you are a newbie, you will not have two escort references. That means you’re down to either employment information, or verification credentials. The reason why escorts will screen you is because they want to make sure you are not a serial killer or psycho. Verification is one method women will use to protect themselves. Click here for detailed advice on escort verification sites.   Step 3: Making the call Being calm, cool, confident, and collected is my #1 tip and strategy when calling an escort. When calling her, treat her like one of your buddies, but keep your call short. If you’d like to see a video on how a gentleman called an escort, click here. Calling an escort is where the rubber hits the road. Again, I cannot stress enough, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment, nothing else. If you’ve prepared yourself enough, this should be quite simple. Call her, get the appointment, and get off the phone. My best recommendation for this is to treat her as if she was one of your friends or buddies. Use a calm, casual, confident voice. Then get the appointment and get off the phone. Try to make the phone call reasonably short. Do not try to engage her into a conversation, and do not ask her questions that you should already know the answer to. Check out this video on how a gentleman called an escort. He did some things right, but also made some mistakes. Click here to watch the video. Two-Call System The two-call system applies to incall situations (you are going to her). Most escorts will not give you their exact location in your first phone call. Rather, they will give you an approximate location, like major cross streets. When you get close to their location, you call them again stating that you are arriving, and this is typically where they give you their exact location. Sometimes, it may be even a three-call system. In your second call, she may give you the hotel she is staying at, but she may not give you her room number until you actually arrive. Accept the information she gives you in the initial phone calls. Do not force her to give an exact location. Doing so could cause her to cancel the appointment. Remember, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment. In this video, I will show you how this gentleman called an escort. I will also share with you some mistakes he made so you can avoid them when calling an escort. Click here to watch the video.   Step 4: Prepare for your date Preparation is slightly different depending on whether your date with the escort is an incall or an outcall. Incall is less work than outcall because in outcall, you are the host. I will cover incall first.   Incall Preparation Fresh breath and a clean body is an absolute must! Brush your teeth, use mouthwash, and take a shower. Having good hygiene will get you maximum mileage with her! The most important thing you should do when preparing yourself for your date is to have great hygiene. Take a shower before you go to your date. Brush your teeth and use mouthwash. Smelling good and having fresh breath is not only considerate, but will also get you the most mileage from your escort, now and in the future. Next, make sure you have good directions and you know where you are going. Leave yourself plenty of time to get to your appointment. You will want to arrive 10-15 minutes early. Outcall Preparation Hygiene is still the most important. I covered it in the incall preparation, and it’s exactly the same here. However, also you are the host, so you’ll want to have a few things for your escort guest. First, tidy up the room, making sure it is clean and not cluttered. This should be no problem if you just checked in or if room service recently cleaned. Leave a fresh towel and toiletries for your escort guest, making sure these toiletries are unused and unopen. Lastly, offer some refreshments. You can go as fancy as you want, but simply having bottled water on ice is more than enough to be a good host.   Step 5: The date   The date is the easiest part. But there are two areas where newbies make mistakes. Never talk about the money. Never ever. Place the “donation” in a blank envelope and place it where she can easily see it. One of these areas is the donation. Place your donation for her in a blank envelope, and set it in an inconspicuous spot. The two best places are either the bathroom counter, or on top of a desk or dresser. Be sure to make it easy for the escort to spot. You do not want to hand the money to her directly! The reason for this is the money is intended as a donation for her time. Handing the money to her could legally interpreted as money in exchange for a sex act. Click here for more information on “is prostitution legal and is escorting legal?”. Now, on getting things started. The escort will know that you are nervous, so usually she will strip an article of clothing first. I suggest using the mirror technique. When she takes an article of clothing off, you take off that same article of clothing off. Soon you’ll find yourself having the time of your life, and next time, you won’t be a newbie any longer.   Conclusion I hope you got some great information from my article. The next step is to learn the most common mistakes most men make when finding, calling, and going on an appointment with an escort. Avoiding these mistakes will go a long way to your personal safety, your success, and your experience with an escort. You may have instant access to my “Avoid the 10 Mistakes Most Men Make with Escorts”. Click here to download it instantly. Good luck with your endeavor with escorts! It’s a great life to have the ability to spend time with beautiful women who really know how to treat a man. And if you have any questions that I may be able to help you with, email me at jj@beginnerescortguide.com.   Search for: Copyright © 2016 · BeginnerEscortGuide.com · All Rights Reserved - We take your privacy very seriously. Disclaimer: Results will vary, and you should not use this information as a substitute for help from a licensed professional. Good luck! By entering, you agree to our terms and conditions. By entering your email address you are also requesting and agreeing to subscribe to our email newsletter. You must be 18 or older to enter. You can read our FTC Disclosure Statement. If you need to contact support, please go to the Contact Us link below. Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us
Bluelight > Community > Sex, Love and Relationships > Escort services PDA View Full Version : Escort services Janja 04-03-2012, 01:55 Hi. You don't need to know my name but I am 24 and am still a virgin. I want to have sex with a women. I considering saving up and purchasing an escort to lose my virginity. I just have general questions on escort services and any information that you may have would be very helpful. Thank you. I don't want a strip dance or anything like that, I want to penetrate (with condom whatever) and the only requirement I have is a relatively clean-looking girl/women. I see a number of escort services listed for my area (NE USA) in my Yellow Pages book. When I call, how do I properly express a desire to "have sex" and not anything else, like a 'hot oil rub'? Is there a specific term I should use when I call that may be "coded" or "known only in the industry"? I really want to have sex so any help would be appreciated. I am a good looking man, but I am shy and don't want to try and find a girlfriend for the night in a bar or something, and I don't have a well paying job for a long term girlfriend at the moment. Again, any help is awesome. Thanks. :) TheLostBoys 04-03-2012, 05:31 You're better off going to a bar & getting a girl. Once you get a girl drinking & shes enjoying your company, you usually will get laid.......... If you wanna go the escort route, make sure you explain the person you call what you're looking for in a woman. Dont say anything on the phone about sex & how much money for certain sexual encounters. If you want step by step on what to do correctly, just google your question about escorts & you should get an answer..........remember, google is your friend. shahab6 04-03-2012, 09:06 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Janja 04-03-2012, 10:14 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. shahab6 04-03-2012, 21:12 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. no problem, keep us updated on your experience. i against i 04-03-2012, 21:34 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! BeachBum4u 06-03-2012, 01:49 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! DITTO! She'll most likely have you so turned on, you'll be done before you even get started with intercourse. For someone in your situation, it's just biologically "the way it is". I don't know what else to tell you but do try your best to enjoy it though. It doesn't get much better than new p*ssy!! Alex000 06-03-2012, 05:59 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. xstayfadedx 06-03-2012, 06:38 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? Anyways I think you shouldn't do it... Its just not worth it. You should wait until you find someone because what are you going to do when you want to have sex again? (I'm sure you will want to). Are you going to call up the escorts every time? Isn't it actually more nerve racking getting an escort than just a regular chick.... I don't know but think this through. shahab6 06-03-2012, 18:22 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. well his going to be practing until the right girl comes a long. Plus he mentioned he doesn't want to get a gf. Jonb 07-03-2012, 02:20 Remember you aren't paying for sex... You are paying her to leave. Nothing wrong with that IMO. J Alex007 07-03-2012, 02:29 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. billdeserthills 07-03-2012, 03:24 I can't believe all the negativity on here. You should do as you like, as you have no one to please save yourself. Not that I have ever paid for it, but millions of people have and nobody can say they were all wrong. augustaB 07-03-2012, 03:50 Gee, I lost my cherry to a hooker when I was just 17. She was nice really. It was just me that was stupid ;) Lots of escorts advertise in the classifieds. The younger ones charge more. A mature lady may well be more understanding. Please be polite when do your visit and please don't be drunk. Hookers hate having to deal with drunks. Agree your price and what you want before starting. Don't take more money than you can afford with you. Don't be shy and don't hide your body away. A working girl will have seen more men's bodies than you can imagine. As long as it's clean they don't mind too much. Be friendly but don't expect friendship. I had a period in my life that I visited lots of hookers. Some of them were nice, some of them indifferent. Everyone was different, so just be yourself. stardust.hero 07-03-2012, 03:55 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Amazing advice. The part about gaining confidence is really important. Goodluck Janja <3 axl blaze 07-03-2012, 07:25 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) shahab6 07-03-2012, 19:43 They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the . has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Also not doing something in fear of it going bad is no excuse in not doing something. Im sure a lot of us got bad drug product, but that didnt stop us from not ever doing it, we went to someone else. Thats the problem when things are illegal, if it was legal, like someplaces, you don't have to worry about that stuff. When things are illegal, it can create many problems for both parties. When its not regulated, bad things can happen to both side. LuGoJ 07-03-2012, 20:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. shahab6 07-03-2012, 21:25 Also if you found a good looking friendly nice one, You can call her again. so you don't have to keep looking again for another.. As other say they can scam you. But then again half the fun is looking for new one, and being with a new one. xstayfadedx 08-03-2012, 00:55 not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? billdeserthills 08-03-2012, 05:51 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? Sorry, I still don't get it PriestTheyCalledHim 08-03-2012, 06:18 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? I get it. In a lot of places paying for a prostitue is illegal. In other places it's completely legal. I don't know where the OP is from so for all I know prostitution could be completely legal in the country where he's from. I don't think it's the best thing to buy sex or even do sex for pay as your first time having sex with someone but everyone's different and while I've never done either some people have done one or the other and it's their choice. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:05 Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. The fact that you used the word hobbyist shows that you know what you are talking about. OP, forget every single thing that everyone has told u on this thread and focus on what LuGoJ just advised, " I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before even entertaining the idea." On those forums you will discover which agencies are legit and which aren't and which chicks are GFE and which are scams. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:15 has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Let's just say someone very very close to me runs a legitimate agency that assures GFE and client satisfaction. Every wealthy hobbyist from NYC, Boston, Vermont, etc comes to my Canadian city to hobby. If you know anything about the game you could easily guess which city that is. Many chicks are infamous for ditching their clients in the first 30 mins. Some will exploit you with " extra options", and since pussy is such a strong drug, they'll leave u with nothing. Some chicks will straight up tell u to go pay the receptionist, and by the time u get back the "receptionist" will disappear and the escort as well. Some will lie and tell their pimp or the driver that u tried to beat them up, and u know exactly what happens after that. Trust me it's a dirty game. DrunkardsDream 08-03-2012, 07:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. What is GFE? OP-Do you really want to lose your virginity to a hooker? If you do this use condoms but if the prostitute is any good they'll make you use condoms. Don't a lot of hookers use condoms when sucking dick? Do people give oral sex or rim jobs to female prostitutes or would someone actually want to do this? I know among bisexual and gay men that oral sex sometimes just giving or sometimes just getting is a staple and it's sex but many of us will do it to a BF/partner for hours at a time if we can. I'm not into rimming but I have friends who really enjoy it and love to get it or do it to someone. The only guys I've ever known who don't like getting oral sex or giving oral sex are men who are only into either getting or giving anal sex and that's mainly all they do when they have sex. I am OK with giving anal sex to a man but I want him to be a partner and we use condoms. I have dated men who all they wanted to do was anal sex and I found them to be very boring. I agree with XstayfadedX, the first time you have sex it might not be all that special but you're going to want to do it again with whoever it is and it could be that same night or pretty soon after that. I'm a gay man and while I have never paid for sex I have some older gay male friends who have and they're mainly only attracted to younger adult gay men and have trouble finding them in bars or on hook up sites, and some only do it once a year or a few times a year when they travel for business. Others have kinks or fetishes that their partner does not like to do or doesn't understand so they pay someone to do it for them like how some men pay a Dominatrix. Alex007 08-03-2012, 08:18 GFE means Girlfriend Experience. In GFE, the escort offers you services that are typical of a girlfriend; BBBJ (blowjob without a condom) LFK/DFK (light or deep french kissing) DATY(eating her pussy) and penetration with a condom. If the client is not getting these services even though he paid for GFE, he is getting fucked in the ass. Client can also opt for extras on top of the basic GFE services. This would include things like CIM( cumming in her mouth) GREEK(anal sex), etc. All of these will cost extra. However, some chicks might provide these services in the basic GFE package, which is a great offer especially if she is superrrrrrrr hot. And yes, some escorts rim guys and vice-versa. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
Post Join Login Your Local Escort Directory View Available Now (336) 370 Cities United States Alabama Anniston Auburn Birmingham Huntsville Mobile   Alaska Anchorage   Arizona Phoenix Tucson   Arkansas Little Rock   California Bakersfield Chico Fresno Inland Empire Los Angeles Orange County Palm Springs Sacramento San Diego San Fernando Valley San Francisco San Gabriel Valley San Jose Santa Barbara Santa Maria Visalia   Colorado Boulder Colorado Springs Denver   Connecticut Cromwell Eastern Connecticut Hartford New Haven New London   D.C. Washington   Delaware Wilmington   Florida Fort Lauderdale Miami Orlando Palm Beach Panama City St Petersburg Tampa West Palm Beach   Georgia Atlanta Duluth Savannah   Hawaii Honolulu   Idaho Boise   Illinois Bloomington Chicago Peoria Springfield   Indiana Indianapolis Merrillville   Iowa Cedar Rapids Des Moines Iowa City Waterloo   Kansas Overland Park Wichita   Kentucky Louisville   Louisiana Alexandria Baton Rouge Lafayette New Orleans   Maine Maine Portland   Maryland Baltimore   Massachusetts Boston South Coast Springfield Worcester   Michigan Detroit   Minnesota Duluth Minneapolis   Mississippi Biloxi Jackson   Missouri Kansas City Saint Louis   Nebraska Lincoln Omaha   Nevada Las Vegas Reno/Tahoe   New Jersey Elizabeth Newark North Jersey   New Mexico Albuquerque   New York Albany New York City Utica Westchester   North Carolina Charlotte Fayetteville Greensboro Raleigh   North Dakota Fargo   Ohio Cincinnati Cleveland Columbus Dayton   Oklahoma Oklahoma City Tulsa   Oregon Beaverton Eugene Medford Portland Salem   Pennsylvania Allentown Philadelphia Pittsburgh   Rhode Island Providence   South Carolina Columbia Greenville Myrtle Beach   Tennessee Cookeville Knoxville Memphis Nashville   Texas Amarillo Austin Dallas Denton El Paso Fort Worth Galveston Houston Killeen Longview Lubbock Odessa San Antonio Waco   Utah Provo Salt Lake City   Virginia Arlington Northern Virginia Richmond   Washington Everett Seattle Tacoma Tri-cities   West Virginia Charleston   Wisconsin Appleton Milwaukee   Canada Ontario Toronto   Quebec Montreal   India Pune   Mexico Tijuana   United Kingdom England London Manchester   What's New FAQ Videos Contact Us Twitter Careers View Mobile Site Submit Your Site Change timezone Copyright © 2016 Cityvibe.com All rights reserved.   Please read our disclaimer before entering this site: All advertiser content contained in this web site are provided to Cityvibe.com by individuals for the purposes of paid advertisements and are the sole responsibility of the individual advertisers. Cityvibe.com assumes no responsibility and cannot be held responsible for any claims arising from advertising.  While Cityvibe does not create nor produce any content listed on our ads; all of our advertisements must comply with our age and content standards.  Cityvibe has a zero tolerance policy for child pornography or minors advertising or utilizing our site. I agree to report any illegal services or activites which violate Terms of Use.  I also agree to report suspected exploitation of minors and/or human trafficking to the appropriate authorities. For Germany: In order to contact the YPA, please click on this link or on the Report Abuse link at the bottom of the page.  Access is made available only to those who accept the terms of the following agreement. I do not find sexual or adult oriented material about erotic private dancers, escorts, massage experts, strippers, sensual adult entertainers or any other adult oriented material to be offensive or objectionable. I am at least 18 years of age and have the legal right to possess adult material in my community. I understand the laws and standards set in my community, site and computer to which I am transporting this material including but not limited to photos, pictures, and videos of private dancers, escorts, massage experts, exotic strippers, adult entertainers and am solely responsible for my own actions. Under penalty of perjury, I solemnly affirm that I am over the age of 18 and that I am not accessing cityvibe.com for the purpose of obtaining information and/or to photos, pictures, and videos of private dancers, escorts, massage experts, strippers, adult entertainers that will be used by others or me in any capacity against the Webmaster of this site, its owners, employees or any other parties associated with cityvibe.com. We provide advertisements and links to referral services for independent contractors. We do not provide access to sites which engage in illegal sexual activities, nor do we condone the same. These sites provide referral services only and any violations of this declaration should be brought to our attention immediately. By continuing past this page I will have released and discharged the providers, owners and creators of this site from any and all liability that might arise. I understand that book marking to a page on this server/site whereby this warning page is by passed shall constitute an implicit acceptance of the foregoing terms set forth herein.  By entering this site I give Cityvibe express written permission to contact me by SMS text, automated dial, or email. Cityvibe respects your privacy and under no circumstances shall your information be shared with any other party. ENTER SITE I agree to the terms and conditions and allow cityvibe to contact me via sms. Message and data rates may apply.  exit website
InternationalSexGuide > The Middle East > United Arab Emirates > Escort Classified Ads - Posted by Escorts - No Reviews or Commentary PDA View Full Version : Escort Classified Ads - Posted by Escorts - No Reviews or Commentary Pages : [1] 2 Tiger Lilly 02-19-07, 15:51 ......and much more. Call Tiger Lilly on 050 8422847 if you have a Home or Hotel room for me to visit. OUTCALLS ONLY!! You must be Fit and Healthy - otherwise it is your own risk!! ASK ABOUT MY 2-KITTEN SERVICE WITH MY SEXY PLAYMATE, HELEN Please phone to make an appointment - a call is preferred to email Lilly xxx Lucy Li 03-31-07, 14:57 No Need For Nightclubs, Embarrrassment and Police problems. If you are visiting Dubai and want a really friendly, sexy and safe girl friend experience for a few hours or a few days e-mail me. If you worry about the Police in a new and different city. Do not take a risk, just e-mail me. If you have all time thinking about visit Asia and find oriental lady with beuatiful legs, pretty smile and soft fingers who loves to fuck, just e-mail me. I am good at my job because I like men and they like me. I am a part time escort (I have another job in day time also) and I only go with visitors, tourists and business men here for meetings. Because I have normal day job here in town I can not risk people find out I go with men for sex and mony, so I only go with visitors and toursits. I only meet men in hotels. Never at my appartment or the man house. If you want a really good time, lots of fun and to cum and cum and cum. Just PM me. Tiger Lilly 04-06-07, 16:44 Oriental SexKitten Gives Purrrrfect Massage.... .......and much more. Call Tiger Lilly on 050 8422847 if you have a Home or Hotel room for me to visit. You must be Fit and Healthy - otherwise it is your own risk!! Please phone to make an appointment Lilly, xxx Suzy Saigon 05-04-07, 17:00 For the very best Full Service Massage from a young, sweet sexy Oriental lady..... Please call Suzy, Miss Saigon, on 050 9542375 Lucy Li 05-08-07, 13:10 This is really simple. I like to make men happy, and I know how to do it. I know what men want. And I help them to have it. Guys want to cum. And I am very good at helping them cum. When I help guys to cum they help me with money. Guys like short skirts, stockings, no panties in public places. They like I touch the cock with my fingers and make them cum when they are driving. They like me to keep on my stockings when they fuck me and they like I squeeze the balls when I suck the cock. They like I tell them stories and write e-mails about sex I have had and what made me turned on and cum. They like make horny pictures of me touching the cock and fucking. They like to have me together with their friends. OK fine. CALL ME. I KNOW WHAT YOU LIKE. If you want a five minute touch and cum in a car park. Or one hour fuck in the car in the desert. Or all night sex in your hotel and cum for breakfast also. Or you want me to move into your villa and live with you when your wife is away in the summer. Or you want invite me to a party to fuck 3 of your friends. These things are all fine. Just call me 050-8462455 Lucy Suzy Saigon 05-08-07, 20:59 For the very best Full Service Massage from a young, sweet sexy Oriental lady..... Please call Suzy, Miss Saigon, on 050 1458498 Suzy Saigon 05-11-07, 07:55 For the very best Full Service Massage from a young, sweet sexy Oriental lady..... Please call Suzy, Miss Saigon, on 050 1458498 Tiger Lilly 05-14-07, 15:20 .......and much more. Call Tiger Lilly on 050 8422847 if you have a Home or Hotel room for me to visit. I hope you are Fit and Healthy - I want to enjoy this too!! Please phone to make an appointment Lilly, xxx Lucy Lu 06-28-07, 16:51 Whether you want a Quality Relaxing Massage, A 'Happy Ending' HJ, or a Full-on session of sexual athletics, Visit our New AMP just 3 minutes drive from Metropolitan Hotel on Sheikh Zayed Road. New Parlour, New Girls. Call me, Lucy Lu, on 055 9266657 Lucy Lu 06-28-07, 16:55 After a Hard Day at the Office, come and unwind with a relaxing massage and more. At Spring Flower Massage Parlour in Deira. Open 7 days from 10am til 1 am. For an appointment, call Lucy Lu on 050 2533468 Lucy Li 07-09-07, 17:47 Hi guys, Now I have a new website. www.lucy-li. Webeden. Co. Uk But I am not lucy Lu at the massage. I am Lucy Li and I am a different Lucy. I am live the Jebel Ali Gardens but I travel everywhere in Dubai and to UK and Europe also. I am not always time a business lady for working with men and sex, but sometime an escort for some money and really good sex. Most of the time I work at my job of teacher of Yoga and Ti Chi at Sheik Zayed Road. Look my new Website. www.lucy-li. Webeden. Co. Uk See if you like me? I am often at the crown plaza and fairmont hotels in the afternoon and to about 8 or 10PM. On ladies night I am often go alimo disco at Jumeirah 1 but it is call El-passo now. Kisses, Lucy Suzy Saigon 07-12-07, 12:12 You worked so hard all year. Treat yourself to a little relaxation and harmless fun. Keep yourself out of trouble by calling Suzy Saigon on 050 1458498 Suzy Saigon 07-27-07, 22:31 You worked so hard all year. Treat yourself to a little relaxation and harmless fun. Don't go out with those girls from work - Who knows where it might lead. Keep yourself out of trouble by calling Suzy Saigon on 050 1458498 Mina Max 11-04-07, 09:18 Hi guys, For some relaxation in Dubai come and viisit my web site, www.happyhourdubai.com Mina`xx Mina Max 11-25-07, 23:20 Many thanks for your suggestions. I try to be flexible on pricing, particular for regular clients. Just a reminder, details are on my web site, www.happyhourdubai.com Mina xxxxx I think Mina Max offers a valuable service to those too laz- I mean too tired, too shy, too busy to go out and spend an hour in a bar, looking for someone that appeals to them. That's convenient, and you do pay more for conveniences. Mina Max 12-18-07, 11:04 Hi Guys, Don't forget my home / hotel delivery service, at your door within the hour 24/7. Why not visit my web site at www.happyhourdubai.com Mina x Mina Max 02-08-08, 21:59 Hi Guys, Just a reminder, please check out my home / hotel delivery service, at your door within the hour 24/7. Why not visit my web site at www.happyhourdubai.com Mina x Mina Max 06-16-08, 19:22 Michael H, This is Dubai! I can't put real photos on the web site for safeness of my ladies, police would catch. I try have pictures that look like my ladies so man can choose what type he like. Travellar 22 I am sorry you didnt like this girl, I have many beautiful girls but sometimes if a man wants very special service not many ladies do. I always say to my customer if you dont like lady then no need take. If you want I can send 2 ladies so you can choose (or you can take both), every man like different. Many men like my ladies if you read this web site, I make easy for them, safe, no trouble. Mina xxxxx I tried this Mina site recently. Beware as the photos in the website are all famous movie stars from China. MH SophiaDubai 06-23-08, 12:47 I thought I'd try a direct approach. I am Sophia Check out my web site below looking forward to meeting you. www.freewebs.com/dubaibaby Mina Max 06-27-08, 07:04 Hi guys, Don't forget my 24 / 7 home / hotel delivery service. Have a look at my website www.happyhourdubai.com. I can send 1 lady, 2 ladies, all are beautiful and sexy. You can choose. Mina xxx Sexy Jessica 07-03-08, 16:19 Please read: I will be visiting Dubai from July 15 for 9 days, I am now accepting pre-bookings, so please dont hesitate to contact me. Hello, my name is Jessica, i am a young, beautiful , luxury, blonde, elite, quality lady of high standart in all aspects, tall (176cm) and slim! I am a independent cosmopolitan girl, who likes the company of discerning and influent gentlemen who demand the very best in female companion. I am a sophisticated and well-educated woman and consider discretion and confidentiality of prime importance. I will provide a memorable and exquisite girlfriend experience, taking care of you with genuine attention and a particular interest of your pleasure. I am a typical Gemini with a dual personality and have the ability to change the mood with ease. If you wish an entertaining, gentle and romantic lady, who can escort you on refined evening engagements, then I am for you. Or maybe you want a dominating mistress? If so then I will ensure all your BDSM fantasies are totally fulfilled. Maybe you like a mixture of both - never knowing who will turn up! I am a sexy Dominant Mistress who offers Domination. I am a sexy woman with curves in all the right places. When I am dressed in your favourite PVC, rubber or leather, you will wonder why you hesitated! I am a devil in Nun´s clothes, you will soon raise a sweat, I guarantee this !!! Satisfaction and discretion are assured. Because I speak five languages you can also book me as a translator or I will accompany you for dinner, theatre or holiday. See my website on: www.sexyjessica.eu Rates: GFE 1hour FULL SERVICE 2500dhs 2hours FULL SERVICE 4000dhs 3hours FULL SERVICE 5000dhs BDSM 1hour FULL SERVICE 3000dhs 2hours FULL SERVICE 5000dhs 3hours FULL SERVICE 6000dhs The discerning gentlemen among you will understand that the finest experiences in life are not cheap. My moto: QUALITY INSTEAD OF QUANTITY!!! Only for seriously enquiries, no timewasters!! I will be only untill 24th july in Dubai Maybe you are interessted on SEXY TOY AUCTION??? Watch here for more details: http://www.sexyjessica.eu/dildos.php Pictures, services, my phone number etc. you will find on my website, before you call me, please check the website ;-) I sell cd with my pics and movies as well (300dhs). NEW! I sell viagra too!!! Hope to see you soon. Your Jessica Nana74 08-02-08, 03:23 Do you looking an nice and sensual partner? Good new! I have two girl friend from Europe, coming in Dubai august 7-14 in Abu Dhabi august 2-11 Elegant, sweet, young girls (25-27 years) for gentlemen,businessmen, women or couple. They are class, tall and slim with curves. Available for fun, meetings, dinners, social events, evenings, nights, shoppings, weekends, travels and much more. Service every day, total privacy and discretion (full service) Rates (not negotiable): 3500 dhs 1 hour 5500 dhs 2 hours 15000 dhs per night Please for more detail contact me on lo_ti_amo@yahoo.fr for pre-booking (picture available) Have nice time Lavender Favour 08-07-08, 07:55 Hi guys, I just set up a new website. We are offering a excellent massage service in Dubai. Please take a few minutes to check out my website. http://www.freewebs.com/roselady. Hope to hear from you soon. Best Regards, Ying Mina Max 08-30-08, 14:33 Hi guys, Have a look at my web site www.happyhourdubai.com Mny beautiful girls. We visit your hotel or apartment 24/7 within 20 minutes. Mina xxxxx Global Girl 09-07-08, 07:36 I will be in Dubai 8th-13th September, accepting limited outcall appointments with discerning gentlemen. Blonde hair, blue eyed, and the most international GFE you will ever meet. I'm from Moscow, educated in the UK and USA, and keep a home on two continents. Travelling is my passion and I have learned so much in the arts of pleasure from everywhere I've been and it makes me happy to share my knowledge with those who I paths I cross in this world. I've been fortunate enough to receive instruction under a retired Gion Geisha in Kyoto, Japan, and am very well educated in the arts and etiquette of the finest Japanese traditions. Whether you wish to meet me for an hour or an entire evening, I guarentee that our time together will be filled with smiles, laughs, and the adoration that a busy, powerful man deserves. 60 Min-2500AED 90 Min-3500AED Other rates upon request, however please do not offend me by trying to negotiate. Please PM me for more information! Lavender Favour 09-30-08, 09:49 Guys, Why not have a look at my website www.freewebs.com/roselady. I promise that all the photos on my website are real and you can choose one or two of them ( on my website has a few ladies photos, not just one)to have a fun. Whitefox11 11-06-08, 14:42 I am a very nice, sexy and fun loving fit Chinese girl, black hair, beautiful body and dark eyes, 27 years young. I can be soft and caressing or also demanding and controlling. I know in the hot Dubai air you want hot love, that is why I offer you full services. Some imagination and me. And you get happy and satisfied. You prefer hot & passion love or loving & sentimental, please tell me your wishes! So dont be shy. Look at http://www.freewebs.com/whitefox1 and call me and tell me what you like. Linas Amp 12-10-08, 20:24 We are a new Massage Parlour Based in Deira Dubai. We have clean modern premises with full facilities including showers. There are several car parks within a short distance. We are a licensed massage parlour and so everything is above board but we ensure that all our consultations end happily for our clients. My ex-boyfriend is European and that is why I understand what clients want from a professional massage establishment. So we have brought some new Masseuses from China who are attractive, welcoming and provide a good service. We do not mislead customers in our advertisements or on the phone. We encourage feedback on our service so that we can improve and give our clients what they want. Please phone 050 9933865 for directions. We are open from 10am to 1am  last appointment at midnight. I hope to welcome you soon to our Parlour! Lina Rhia Charles 12-26-08, 19:53 Hello Gentlemen! I am a much sought-after companion but choose to be very exclusive in order to offer an extremely special and discreet escort/courtesan service for the very discerning executive looking for a sensual and exquisite encounter. I know the dilemma. You would like to see a sensual lady who is refined and educated, naughty in private but a lady in public. Someone who wears exquisite lingerie and black stockings who can show you once again (or maybe for the first time? ) what it is to be totally uninhibited. Gentlemen, I think you have found her. I have a very sexy and curvy but fit body (think Marilyn Monroe). I have lovely naturally big boobs (36DD/E)- if that is your thing then you will be in heaven! I spend a lot of time looking after myself and I have been told many times that I have the softest skin! I am ultra feminine and love to pamper and be pampered. I treat everyone as I expect to be treated, that is with honesty, respect and discretion. I find that this is the perfect formula for a wonderfully relaxed and enjoyable meeting. So, if you seek a sophisticated, classy and very special companion for an entertaining dinner date, a function or a private liaison, you have found the lady you are looking for. For more information, please visit http://www.rhiacharles. Co. Uk/tours.php Hope to see you soon! X Zara Dubai 02-21-09, 09:25 Hi, My name is Zara, I've been working in Dubai for many years and have many beautiful friends from China, Korea, Malaysia and Taiwan. We can come and visit you at your hotel or residence at any time, 24x7. Just give me a call on 050 709 9563 and tell me what you would like. Love Zara xxx Whitefox11 03-02-09, 13:25 Hi, I am whitefox a nice chinese lady, I know I can tell you everything about me, but in internet the question is what is true and what not. Therefore my promise is "I am real I am true". I will give you very good time with me. If you want to see me before look at www.freewebs.com/whitefox2. Call me and find out. I like to communicate. Dont miss that! You will find my phone number on my web-site. XXXXX Whitefox Cindygmail 03-24-09, 23:00 I have a sweet and exciting personality that makes the world go round. I am sure the time we spend together will be fun and unforgettable. I'm fun, loving, energetic, and easygoing. I truly enjoy what I do, and I am very good at it. I believe I am the companion that you seek. I'm a lady of confidence and always look my best. I know you will be pleased with my looks and service. I specialize in erotic massage, a forplay that will make you relaxed like never before, I will give you a stress release that is unrushed, unbelievable, and unforgettable. I guarantee you that my touch will leave you breathless. I provide companionship on business or personal trips and dinner dates. So if you are an upscale business gentleman with a distinguished taste for first class companionship, contact me for a memorable rendezvous! http://surprise69.jimdo.com 0097 (0)55 316 2345 Cindygmail 03-24-09, 23:04 May all see beauty. May there be good fortune and no misery anywhere. May there be peace everywhere " I have a sweet and exciting personality that makes the world go round. I am sure the time we spend together will be fun and unforgettable. I'm fun, loving, energetic, and easygoing. I truly enjoy what I do, and I am very good at it. I believe I am the companion that you seek. I'm a lady of confidence and always look my best. I know you will be pleased with my looks and service. I specialize in erotic massage, a forplay that will make you relaxed like never before, I will give you a stress release that is unrushed, unbelievable, and unforgettable. I guarantee you that my touch will leave you breathless. I provide companionship on business or personal trips and dinner dates. Nikkilady 07-01-09, 11:49 I'm a sweet, sexy and sophisticated companion that is very outgoing and friendly. I only offer luxury companionship for the well discerning and sucessful gentleman, who knows how to treat a lady and knows how to enjoy the good things life has to offer. So if this fits your description, then I look forward to hearing from you and spending some time by your side, embarking on all sorts of fun spontaneous adventures. I am from Switzerland, 28 years, 5'9 tall, blonde silky hair, blue eyes, sexy long legs with a perfect body. Minimum booking2 days - Euro 2000 + air ticket Cindygmail 07-03-09, 18:55 We specialize in massage for play that will make you relaxed like never before,I will give you a stress release that is unrushed, unbelievable, and unforgettable... I guarantee you that my touch will leave you breathless. May all see beauty. May there be good fortune and no misery anywhere. May there be peace everywhere " We attractive girls, slim warm sensual and professional too... I am sure the time we spend together will be fun and unforgettable. Fun, loving, energetic, and easygoing. I truly enjoy what I do, and I am very good at it. I believe I am the companion that you seek. Im a lady of confidence and always look my best. I know you will be pleased with my looks and service. we're service not rush experience.independent, professional, and discreet.fabulous fantasy GFE!! www.girl999.spruz.com 055 85 91 699 Cindygmail 07-03-09, 20:28 I'm a SWEET girl and I have a sexy and supple body and I'm soooo tight in all those naughty places! Come and play some very naughty and sexy gamed with me. Undress me and touch me all over.. No problems, I'm independent, professional, and discreet. Special winter rates, and no hidden fees. No hassles or surprises. And fabulous fantasy GFE! Oh. And not to mention, I have the nice place in Dubai, call me and find out We can have sooo much fun together! Outcalls or incalls in Dubai anywhere! So if you are an upscale business gentleman with a distinguished taste? For first class Companionshipcontact me for a memorable rendezvous. http://www.picturetrail.com/uid11988130 055 36 98 637 Annie Thanks Snow In Dubai 07-11-09, 16:26 If you are looking for an elegant and sophisticated independent escort during your stay in Dubai then I may just be the girl for you. My name in English is Snow. I am 25 years old and live in Dubai. Please take a look at my website and if you feel you would like to meet me, drop me a line or give me a call. Love SNOW xXx 050 371 5718 http://www.snowindubai.com OR http://snowindubai.webs.com Snow In Dubai 07-11-09, 19:20 If you are looking for an elegant and sophisticated independent escort during your stay in Dubai then I may just be the girl for you. My is Snow. I am 25 years old and live in Dubai. Please take a look at my website and if you feel you would like to meet me, drop me a line or give me a call. Love SNOW xXx 050 371 5718 http://www.snowindubai.com OR http://snowindubai.webs.com Lavender Favour 08-11-09, 21:46 Hi everyone, A new massage center will be open in this week in Dubai . Lowest price, five star hotels service, and many different girls for you to choose. If you are looking for things like this, then call me on 050-9954912 anytime. I dont know any pompous words, but I will not let you disappointed with our service, just try it yourself , please, then you will find out everything. Regards, Susana Devilsadv 08-23-09, 22:18 Please can someone accomodate me for dhs 300 near bur dubai i am 18 year old virgin. Please Please Member #1071 08-24-09, 19:42 Please can someone accomodate me for dhs 300 near bur dubai i am 18 year old virgin. Please Please not sure what you mean ?? BionicMan 08-24-09, 22:23 not sure what you mean ?? It's even too clear, even if it is not 1st april Rhia Charles 09-12-09, 17:21 Hello Gentlemen, just a quickie to let you know that I shall be visiting Dubai between 15-20 December 2009, staying in a 5 star hotel on Jumeirah Beach and I very much look forward to meeting you there. More about my tours here; http://www.rhiacharles.co.uk/tours.php See you soon! x www.rhiacharles.co.uk Dubai Curious 09-28-09, 00:43 Please can someone accomodate me for dhs 300 near bur Dubai I am 18 year old virgin. Please Pleasesure please wait till I have PMs activated. Saule 09-29-09, 07:27 Hi, Maybe I am a little unusual posting an ad on this site, because I do not want money, a husband or a boyfriend. But I just love sex with strangers. I am a woman and I like being a woman. I like to be pretty and attractive and I really like to make guys horny by smiliing and touching and showing my legs and pussy. And most of all I like guys to make me cum and I always make them cum too. I have a good and proper job and hold a senion position in my organisation but when I travel on business to other countries I really like to pretend that I am a 'Bad Girl'. I play my 'Bad Girl' game by wearing my short skirts and stockings with no panties and going to bars, clubs or restaurants and sitting so guys can see up my skirt. They see my pussy, and if they like what they see Ooooooh, then the sex happens. But, when we play the game, if you find me you must find me like a stranger picking up a bad girl. You must be charming and sexy and persuade me that I want to make your cock cum. I will be in Dubai from 30 September to 6 October for one week on business. And I will be playing my game when I get the chance. I will write on the website where and exactly when I will be playing the 'Bad Gir' game every day. So, if you are interested to meet me and have a sexy adventure just read the website and see where you can find me. But remember to read the rules of the game. They are very important. And also remember that I do not want money, a relationship, a boyfriend or a husband. There is no chance of a relationship with me. I am sure that I will cum many times with guys in Dubai. Would you like to be one of them Kisses, Saule Pitingoul 09-29-09, 20:37 Just like to play the hidden bad boy, Businessman in Real life, will be in Dubai from 4 to 6 oct, so any beauty for short funny, sexy and wonderfull time. Hi, Maybe I am a little unusual posting an ad on this site, because I do not want money, a husband or a boyfriend. But I just love sex with strangers. I am a woman and I like being a woman. I like to be pretty and attractive and I really like to make guys horny by smiliing and touching and showing my legs and pussy. And most of all I like guys to make me cum and I always make them cum too. I have a good and proper job and hold a senion position in my organisation but when I travel on business to other countries I really like to pretend that I am a 'Bad Girl'. I play my 'Bad Girl' game by wearing my short skirts and stockings with no panties and going to bars, clubs or restaurants and sitting so guys can see up my skirt. They see my pussy, and if they like what they see Ooooooh, then the sex happens. But, when we play the game, if you find me you must find me like a stranger picking up a bad girl. You must be charming and sexy and persuade me that I want to make your cock cum. I will be in Dubai from 30 September to 6 October for one week on business. And I will be playing my game when I get the chance. I will write on the website where and exactly when I will be playing the 'Bad Gir' game every day. So, if you are interested to meet me and have a sexy adventure just read the website and see where you can find me. But remember to read the rules of the game. They are very important. And also remember that I do not want money, a relationship, a boyfriend or a husband. There is no chance of a relationship with me. I am sure that I will cum many times with guys in Dubai. Would you like to be one of them Kisses, Saule Mjolnir 213 09-30-09, 17:17 Hi, Maybe I am a little unusual posting an ad on this site, because I do not want money, a husband or a boyfriend. But I just love sex with strangers. I am a woman and I like being a woman. I like to be pretty and attractive and I really like to make guys horny by smiliing and touching and showing my legs and pussy. And most of all I like guys to make me cum and I always make them cum too. I have a good and proper job and hold a senion position in my organisation but when I travel on business to other countries I really like to pretend that I am a 'Bad Girl'. I play my 'Bad Girl' game by wearing my short skirts and stockings with no panties and going to bars, clubs or restaurants and sitting so guys can see up my skirt. They see my pussy, and if they like what they see Ooooooh, then the sex happens. But, when we play the game, if you find me you must find me like a stranger picking up a bad girl. You must be charming and sexy and persuade me that I want to make your cock cum. I will be in Dubai from 30 September to 6 October for one week on business. And I will be playing my game when I get the chance. I will write on the website where and exactly when I will be playing the 'Bad Gir' game every day. So, if you are interested to meet me and have a sexy adventure just read the website and see where you can find me. But remember to read the rules of the game. They are very important. And also remember that I do not want money, a relationship, a boyfriend or a husband. There is no chance of a relationship with me. I am sure that I will cum many times with guys in Dubai. Would you like to be one of them Kisses, Saule This made me laugh. :) Thanks for the entertaining post. Good luck with all of that. TIP: Head over to Zuma in Dubai Financial whatever. I think you will find the kind of fun you are looking for. Lot's of other girls and guys like you over there. I hooked up with a girl that exercises the Sheik's horses there. Funny stuff. WB Steve Dubai 10-01-09, 06:34 TIP: Head over to Zuma in Dubai Financial whatever. I think you will find the kind of fun you are looking for. It sort of crossed my mind that this is the sort of thing you find at the Fantasia Club - wealthy good looking guys showering the girls with charm & showing off their Ferrari's and Lambrogini's!! Have to get down there again soon!! Saule 10-07-09, 13:01 Sorry everybody, I did not put my website details in the original post. My personal website is at www.sexyfun.asia This is where I put the details of where I am going to be and what I have been doing. Dubai has been, very, very sexy and the fun has been good. Look at the site! Saule Saule 10-07-09, 13:40 Oh, and also there are some pictures of me here on the ISG site at the Kazakhstan page. The system will not let me put the same pictures twice so I can not put them here at Dubai. But you can go to the Kazakhstan page photo gallery and you will see them there. Saule 10-21-09, 12:46 Hi everybody, I will be coming back to Dubai again on either the 5th or 7th of November for about 3 days. It was great fun last time and the sex was wonderful. It will be the same rules again, just good sex fun, one time only, with no need for money or gifts, I just want to cum and cum and cum. Look at my website to see exactly what the arrangements will be. It is at www.sexyfun.asia Kisses, Saule Lavender Favour 10-21-09, 19:39 My centre has now been open since Ramadan, and I think that it is time to give you guys an update. I now have seven beautiful ladies, including some who are new to the UAE. I know that a couple of people have reported a negative experience in this thread, but I chose not to respond to their posts. I am customer service oriented and try to provide the customer with what he wants. Despite my best efforts, I can not please everybody all the time even though I try my hardest to please. I suggest that you come and give us a try. If you are happy with my service then please tell others. If you are not happy then please tell me so that I can try my best to sort out the problems or bad service that you received. I would like to thank all my regular customers for their support. Guys you know who you are. You can call me (Susanna) on [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited to remove personal telephone numbers in the text. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! Rhino64 10-30-09, 05:53 Hello there, My name is Christina; I am a 24 yr old lass from North England originally from Singapore. I'm a completely independent escort. I travel around the Gulf region and internationally. I provide discreet Incall and Outcall appointments in the city that I am visiting. Right now I am in Dubai and will be staying here till the 24th November 2009. Staying in a very stylish and discreet appartment in Dubai Marina where I am avail to take Incalls. I am a lovely and bubbly girl who loves to have fun. I stand about 1.6m tall (all good things come with small packages., I have long dark brown hair and beautiful smile along with a handful 34B that's guaranteed to make your mouth watering.. I am university educated, have a very open mind and oriental charm that is fun and easy to be around. I am sweet as honey and hot as chilli, friendly, affectionate, sensual and very sexy. The perfect combination of classy lady in public, whilst fun, flirty, mischievous and very naughty in private. Pampering is one of my specialties I love to tease and please and like to make sure your pleasure is my pleasure and make you feel like prince charming, and I do of course would like to be treated as a princess that I am xxx. I have been told that I am like a forbidden fruit once tasted you have to have more, With my unique service I can guarantee you by the time we part company you will be smiling and completely satisfied. Now I would like to learn all about you. Your interest, what turns you on and what drives you wild. If you are feeling especially frisky, why not invite my beautiful girlfriend to join us.. My own website christinavipescorts is under constructions. For more info, please check me on the independent. http://www.independentdubaiescorts.com/christina.htm Look forward to hear from your and our hot date together. Hugs & kisses, christina xxx Tel: 00971-508803979 Email: sweetchristinaatlive.com P. S. If you contact me by email, please tell me a little about yourself. It's nice to know your name, age, interests and any other information you'd like to share with me, including when/where you would like to meet. Thanks Hi Chrissie, We met a couple of weeks ago at a serviced apartment near the City Centre. I must thank you for an excellent time, and your company. I am definitely looking forward to meeting with you again before you depart Dubai. Keep safe babe. Snow In Dubai 11-26-09, 08:43 If you are looking for an elegant and sophisticated independent escort during your stay in Dubai then I may just be the girl for you. My is Snow. I am 25 years old and live in Dubai. Please take a look at my website and if you feel you would like to meet me, drop me a line or give me a call. Love SNOW xXx 050 371 5718 http://www.snowindubai.com OR http://snowindubai.webs.com Babe85 01-13-10, 17:18 Stunning XXX porn star arrives in Dubai later this month from 18th Jan limited time only- one not to be missed. Blonde, busty and very XXX please mail for pictures and info as I have to be discreet. 3000 AED per/hour XX Brownian 01-14-10, 21:05 Stunning XXX porn star arrives in Dubai later this month from 18th Jan limited time only- one not to be missed. Blonde, busty and very XXX please mail for pictures and info as I have to be discreet. 3000 AED per/hour XXIs this a fucking joke? 3K/hr? What the hell do you think Dubai is? People may love sex in this forum but that doesn't equate to stupidity you know. Did you even bother to do your market research before coming to Dubai with your ridiculous rate? The TOP lookers and performers are on average going for half of your quoted rate and even that seems steep. A that rate, you better borrow or beg for a (big fucking one with veins on the sides) dildo from Wicked Roger before he leaves because trust me, you'd need it. I could have an orgy with very hot chicks in Dubai for much longer for that money. I think you are severely lagging the economic cycle over here. Good Luck sweetheart. French Canadia 01-15-10, 06:43 Is this a fucking joke? 3K/hr? What the hell do you think Dubai is? People may love sex in this forum but that doesn't equate to stupidity you know. Did you even bother to do your market research before coming to Dubai with your ridiculous rate? The TOP lookers and performers are on average going for half of your quoted rate and even that seems steep. A that rate, you better borrow or beg for a (big fucking one with veins on the sides) dildo from Wicked Roger before he leaves because trust me, you'd need it. I could have an orgy with very hot chicks in Dubai for much longer for that money. I think you are severely lagging the economic cycle over here. Good Luck sweetheart. First I apologize to Jackson since this segement is meant to be for ads and not comments but Brownian made it here I will respond here. Brownian there is a market in Dubai for the high class ladies pretty much like everywhere in the world. These are not the ladies from the regal, premier or other venue that you are familar with. These places are where the wealthy and CEO, CFO or other high wages peoples will go. SO to each it's own. Take Care Persian Fellow 01-15-10, 21:25 First I apologize to Jackson since this segement is meant to be for ads and not comments but Brownian made it here I will respond here. Brownian there is a market in Dubai for the high class ladies pretty much like everywhere in the world. These are not the ladies from the regal, premier or other venue that you are familar with. These places are where the wealthy and CEO, CFO or other high wages peoples will go. SO to each it's own. Take Care Could you please name a few one please? CallSign Papa 01-16-10, 07:49 Brownian was spot on. We're not idiots to be taken advantage of by fools with no understanding of the market they're travelling to. Mina8 01-22-10, 11:55 Call me Mina for the best massage in Dubai 050 70 76 059 My web site is www.dubaidarling.com Christina Escort 02-22-10, 16:19 Hey boys Just let you know that I am back in Dubai now and will be here for sometime. Naughty me is looking forward to see you again and our time together. Excitingly! Kisses, christina xxx www.sweetchristina.webs.com www.christinavipescorts.com Konnie27 03-15-10, 21:30 Hello guys, This Konnie, I am 27 years old from Hong Kong, I am in Dubai, me and my friends are all pretty Asian beauties in our 20's, if you need a soft touch, romantic massage, just you are a call away, call me at +971508909535, and your date will be with you in minutes, see you Konnie Snow In Dubai 03-22-10, 08:09 Checkout my new photos at http://www.adultwork.com/ViewProfile.asp?UserID=735686. Or my personal site http://www.snowindubai.com Looking for an elegant and sophisticated independent escort during your stay in Dubai then I may just be the girl for you. My is Snow. I am 26 years old and live in Dubai. If you feel you would like to meet me, drop me a line or give me a call. Love SNOW xXx 050 371 5718 Night Bird 04-11-10, 16:03 Call me Mina for the best massage in Dubai 050 70 76 059 My web site is www.dubaidarling.comDo Not use this service, they give a very bad service and very much over priced. Hunter Dubai 04-12-10, 15:24 Do Not use this service, they give a very bad service and very much over priced.Thx for sharing. I have called it one day but then cancelled it within few minutes. I was not quite convinced as when I started asking the name of the girls in different photos, she was not clear and repeated some name. Then I asked to send the girl of one particular photo and asked name, she did not know again. This raised the alarm in my mind. Better sense prevailed right time. Confirms my gut feeling. Keep on sharing and helping others. Galart 04-20-10, 08:49 If you are looking for the perfect combination of safety, discretion, friendliness, understanding, plus beauty and brains with a healthy sense of humor thrown in the mix, you might not find anyone better. I am a degree-educated, well spoken, intelligent and lively companion. I am a very open minded soul, willing to communicate with the right gentleman. I am full of sensuality and possess a smile that can light up your room. I stand a statuesque 5'7", 34D-24-34. I am 28 yrs old and independent. Discretion for your security is always a paramount. www.annabelle.escortdiva.com +971501373876- SMS PLEASE Konnie27 06-01-10, 18:41 Hello guys, This is Konnie, back again, I am 27 years old from Hong Kong, I am in Dubai, me and my friends are all pretty Asian beauties in our 20's, if you need a soft touch, romantic massage, just you are a call away, call me at +971508909535, and your date will be with you in minutes, see you Konnie. Marina69 06-22-10, 18:12 I am pleased to announce our brand new parlour in Deira. Discrete parking, clean new facilities and a collection of brand new girls to Dubai. AND - as a special, very restricted introductory offer. One Girl - 200 aed, 2 Girls - 300 aed. Yes - this includes full service, house money and tips. We want to build up our business and so we are making this offer for the 1st 2 weeks - WE OPENED TODAY Please call Marina on 0507352899 Hope to see you boys soon. Cons68 07-03-10, 12:40 Hi Folks, Relax, I have not decided to start a career as a escort myself. I have been asked by Yeni, an old friend, to provide some help. If you dig my old reports you will find a few references to her. Pretty and and sweet, if you like Russian (she was born in Siberia, typical tall blond clear eyed) i guess this i one of the best you can find in terms of attitude. She always refused to use me as a business conduct, but it seems situation is changing her mindset. I was always happy with her; if interested, give me a call, as usual, I will check you are not LE... you know the drill. PM me if interested. Marie Escort 07-06-10, 15:57 Experience a german escort lady and let yourself seduce by pure erotism! My name is Marie, I'm a german independent escort lady. From 19th July to 26th July I will be on tour in Dubai. Above all I love and enjoy lust and erotism, I like to play sensual and frivolous games. Find more informations about me on my webpage: http://www.mademoiselle-marie.de You like to meet me in Dubai? Don't hesitate, make a reservation. I'm looking forward to seduce you! Kisses, Marie Cons68 07-08-10, 15:13 Sorry about htis folks, since i spoke to her (like almost 3 weeks ago) i did nto contact her. So i tried after all the positive feedback i got here but both her phones are off. Either she lost heart and fflew back home, or she was arrested. I will update as soon as i hear from her. Again apologies, what a failed pimp I am :) Hi Folks, Relax, I have not decided to start a career as a escort myself. I have been asked by Yeni, an old friend, to provide some help. If you dig my old reports you will find a few references to her. Pretty and and sweet, if you like Russian (she was born in Siberia, typical tall blond clear eyed) i guess this i one of the best you can find in terms of attitude. She always refused to use me as a business conduct, but it seems situation is changing her mindset. I was always happy with her; if interested, give me a call, as usual, I will check you are not LE... you know the drill. PM me if interested. Konnie27 07-10-10, 12:37 I am Michelle 22 years old, college student from Hong Kong, coming to Dubai in Holiday, love to meet you when you visit Dubai, I am sweet, pretty, and nice to be with. I am just a call away, call me now, Michelle, +97150 8909270, See you soon, kisses Sophia23 07-10-10, 16:57 I am Lulu 22 years old with a friendly nature, If you are visiting Dubai, And feel to relax with a very soft message, Just give me a call, Me and friends are available for you, Love to meet you, My Number is 050 2662723, Lulu Lisa24 07-10-10, 18:04 i am sexy girl, my name is lulu 22 years old, experienced, licensed and mature massage therapist to give a truly sensual massage. this massage is for you only, the more relaxed you are, the more sensual it gets. if you visit dubai, and like to have nice romantic massage me and my friends are very well trained asian beauties to make you happy, just call, +97150 8908 592 Miss Alana 07-15-10, 06:46 Hi I have a great selection of seductive Filipinan Ladies for your pleasure. Excellent Services Call Me for more details - Alana - 055-4172532 Cons68 07-19-10, 22:26 OK i got a call from the lady. She is back and very keen on getting business from this selected group of gentlemen. I have a terrible workload right now but I will try to contact you guys as soon as i can. If in the next few day sI have not contacted you guys just send me a reminder. I did not check with her tariffs, and honestly I rather not get involved in the most sordid and materialistic aspects. rgds Sorry about htis folks, since i spoke to her (like almost 3 weeks ago) i did nto contact her. So i tried after all the positive feedback i got here but both her phones are off. Either she lost heart and fflew back home, or she was arrested. I will update as soon as i hear from her. Again apologies, what a failed pimp I am :) Lisa24 07-21-10, 06:22 I am Michelle 22 years old and a friendly nature, If you are visiting Dubai, And feel to relax with a very soft message, Just give me a call, Me and friends are available foryou, Love to meet you, My Number is 00971 50266 2723 Asian Sexy Beaut 07-28-10, 23:08 Hallo, how are you, my name is Connie, I has a very sexy body, and pretty face, and also I know how do the nice massage, if you want nice sexy girl for you relax massage, call me, I will give you the best service, and make you feel good. My number +97150 3943 018 Asian Sexy Beaut 07-28-10, 23:20 I am from Asia, I am very beautiful, With a charming smile, Sexy body, Soft services. Services: Servise: Kiss; Blue job; Sexy; Massage. If you are looking for TOP service, Or would like to try something new, Am sure you will find we to Be your perfect naughty partner. My Number is +97150 8909 535 Asian Sexy Beaut 07-29-10, 00:15 Hello my name is Sophia, you will fall in love with my beautiful smile and warm personality. Not only am I sexy, I am also very playful and I love to entertain. Let me take care of you, you won't regret the time spent. We are anxious to give you best enjoy. I am just a call away, call me now, Sophia, +97150 8909 535 Sophia23 08-05-10, 16:38 Hello, We are new arrived Dubai work. We do sexy massage. If you want we do. We will positively suit your needs; most importantly, give you a very sensual experience. Don't missed so sexy girls. Call me I waiting for you. My number is, [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited to remove personal telephone numbers in the text. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! Dubai Curious 08-07-10, 21:24 Hello, We are new arrived Dubai work. We do sexy massage. If you want we do. We will positively suit your needs; most importantly, give you a very sensual experience. Don't missed so sexy girls. Call me I waiting for you. My number is, [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited to remove personal telephone numbers in the text. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks!Sophia your PM are not working? I am unable to send a PM. Victoria66 08-10-10, 08:22 Hello, gentlemen. The girl that you waiting for to embrace you're Erotical Is now in town. The Ultimate Sexbomb is here in Dubai. Call me. Call me. Call me. 0556784257. And look for Victoria. Wild Pussies 08-11-10, 17:15 Hi Geltelmen! We are 18 year top models first time in Dubai 100% real photo Provide unforgattable full service, lesbi duo experience, sensual tantric massage. Also you will be proud to have us like company for your dinner. We are form your dream please contact us by private msg system to get phone number and to book Only for 5 days in Dubai. Kisss Buratinodxb 08-12-10, 09:31 Yes. Its true. As a special opening offer at our Brand New, clean comfortable premises just 5 minutes from the clock tower. Massage FatatK and SatatK, SPECIAL offer. NO hidden extras Discrete covered parking available. Please PHONE Marina for more details or appointment 050 735 2899 and email call_marina2relaxatyahoo.com Limited offer for LAST weeks only Mimidubai 09-19-10, 13:59 Hello, guys, We are Mimi & Susan, two lovely oriental girl who loves to have fun. We provide reliable and discreet both Incall & Outcall massage escort services and We always do our best to ensure that you are completely satisfied and our service meets your expectations in every way. Your satisfaction and discreetion is guaranteed. For more informaton including our photos please visit www.Mimidubaiescort.com Or call us on 056 6707 123 Hope to see you soon. Mimi & Susan xxx Linda22 10-12-10, 21:12 I am Linda from HongKong, I have very beautiful young friends from different Asian countries, If you feel to have a great time, I am just a call away , call me now, Linda # 050 191 7323, www.linda22.webs.com , C U Pretty Girls 10-13-10, 19:17 Asia girl, very pretty, 160 cm,, dark brown hair, good figure. I am a college girl with a good education, and for me massage is not just about the body, it about the whole person. I am interested in other people and a good listener. I am also expert in massage, and can give you a high-quality massage in your hotel or apartment at any time of day or night. If you want, I always have time for you because time is so important, we shouldn rush the best things in life, should we? I am very imaginative and, if you give me a chance, I can please you in many ways. You only have to give me a call and let me try My number is. +971 567 060 538 Pretty Girls 10-13-10, 19:46 If you are in Dubai now, and want to relax or enjoy yourself, massage is good for you! After a massage taken a pretty Chinese girl, you will find yourself getting vigorous and comfortable. I am a well-educated top class escort with a very outgoing and friendly personality. I have a great sense of humour and am ALWAYS willing to please. You will find So Nice Girl With You Happy? 056 7060 711? Me very sensitive and responsive sexually, a good listener and passionate lover, adventurous, playful and seductive. While using my exotic escort service you will not think for one minute that you are with a cold, unresponsive, uninterested typical 'Dubai escort'. Our time together will be a very natural, pleasurable and memorable experience. JUST CALL ME NOW, +971 567 060 711 Buratinodxb 10-15-10, 15:54 We have 6 beautiful ladies to choose from. They are all young, attractive, experienced masseauses. FatatK and SatatK. THEY LOVE THEIR WORK. And you will love their work also. As a special offer we have low prices AND a special 2 for 1 deal. Funfor Females 11-23-10, 13:21 Hi, I am an Asian sexual adventuress from Kazahstan and a part time 'escort', but only for the nicest possible men and in the nicest possible way. I often travel to the UAE and internationally and I will be in Dubai, looking for sexy fun, in late November and early December. I must say at the outset that I am not cheap. And I am choosy. Although I am not cheap, I am affordable, with prices starting at: $1, 000 for a night of very horny full sex. Cum as much as you like.  $500 dollars for soft and slow CIM and finger massage with lots of fun.  $100 dollars for very erotic live sex with you on Skype. We can both cum. I have a respectable job and a professional background with an international education, so I can afford to be choosy about the men I spend time with. Basically the deal is that you give me:. 1. A very good dinner. 2. At least two guarenteed orgasms. 3. A very substantial gift. (Starting from $1, 000 US dollars for full sex). And I will give you. A. As many truely world class orgasms as you can handle. B. The pleasure of spending time with a sophisticated, beautiful and highly educated woman. C. A great dinner companion with a sense of humour. D. The chance to play some interesting sexy games, maybe alone or maybe with others. E. A great way to wake up the next morning with my lips enveloping you for a final great orgasm. So, if you are the sort of man who is comfortable in the company of a refined and educated woman, and who enjoys sensual adventures, indoors or out, and would like to take part in some secuction and 'showing off' games, just get in touch. Maybe you fantasize about the idea of having sex with an Asian girl on the desk in your office, or even on your bosses desk. Great! Or maybe you would happier if we tried a marathon session in bed, living on room-service food and wine. That is also very fine. Or perhaps you really do want an ACTUAL escort to accompany you on a trip or to a function. Maybe you want to show off with a truely beautiful, classy and sexy lady on your arm. (And some private sexy fun afterwards). I will travel anywhere for fun with the right sort of man (Or couple), if they are ready to make a substantial gift, and are kind to me. So if you are interested and would like to meet me, my name is Sholpan and you can e-mail any time with your ideas or requests at Sholpan. Sartbaevaatyahoo.com If you write to me I will reply with my mobile number and we can see what happens from there. You can see my pics at: http://classifieds. Justlanded.com/en/United-Arab-Emirates/Personals_Erotic-encounters/Expensive-classy-and-versatile-Sexual-adventuress-AMP-escort Kisses, Sholpan Sexy Alana 12-28-10, 17:06 To all the guys looking for the best partner while you stay in Dubai. Fresh, hot, sexy Pinay hotties! Our set of ladies are fun to be with, total package of beauty, body and charm! If you are looking for GOOD time, get into the choices of escorts being requested from time to time! Whew, never regret for your time, money and experience! Worth waiting, worth paying! 100% guaranteed. Call Ms. Vera now at 055-646-7388 [Text written in ALL CAPITAL LETTERING deleted by Admin] Sexy Alana 12-28-10, 17:09 To all the guys looking for the best partner while you stay in Dubai. Fresh, hot, sexy Pinay hotties! Our set of ladies are fun to be with, total package of beauty, body and charm! If you are looking for GOOD time, get into the choices of escorts being requested from time to time! \ Whew, never regret for your time, money and experience! Worth waiting, worth paying! 100% guaranteed. Call us now at 055-646-7388! [Text written in ALL CAPITAL LETTERING deleted by Admin] Nabiit 01-04-11, 22:36 Am an independent girl from Ghana. Available in Dubai until the end of January. PM me for details. I prefer mostly to visit you as I can't accomodate most of the time. Nancy21 01-18-11, 19:15 Sexy pretty girls, perfect shape pleasant personality. Speaking english very well. My bright smile and warm personality will really make you feel pampered. I am accomodating, pleasant and No Rush. No Drama. Just the best time ever. You will find me a refreshing happy great looking surprise. My number:+971 56 705 3298, nancy21. Webs. Com Nancy21 01-19-11, 08:00 Sexy pretty girls, perfect shape pleasant personality. Speaking english very well. My bright smile and warm personality will really make you feel pampered. I am accomodating, pleasant and No Rush. No Drama. Just the best time ever. You will find me a refreshing happy great looking surprise. Number: +971 56 705 3298. Http:www.nancy21.webs.com Spam Control 01-24-11, 18:15 Am an independent girl from Ghana. Available in Dubai until the end of January. PM me for details. I prefer mostly to visit you as I can't accomodate most of the time.Hi, Could you give me your details? Phone number? I'm in Dubai Marina and would love to Ghanaaaa you. Mimidubai 01-25-11, 12:41 Hello, guys, my name is Lily. I am a fun and loving girl with stunning body. I am 1. 68m tall with 100% real 40D. I am slim, super fit with curves where it counts, friendly, affectionate and very naughty in private. ;.o If you are looking for a sizzling hot wonderful time with a beautiful Asian girl, then I am the one that you are looking for. Please visit www.mimidubaiescort.com For my photos, rates and services. Hope to see you soon. Kisses, Lily xoxoxo Ladycraze 01-28-11, 19:35 [QUOTE=Nancy21; 1113842]Sexy pretty girls, perfect shape pleasant personality. Pictures posted in your website are fake. CallSign Papa 01-29-11, 07:39 Pictures posted in your website are fake.With the exception of a few of the high class escort websites in Dubai, ALL the photos are fake! Jet Setr 01-30-11, 14:25 With the exception of a few of the high class escort websites in Dubai, ALL the photos are fake!What is the deal with the "verified photos" from the independent Dubai escort site? A lot of them seem to good to be true. IAintSpecial 01-30-11, 18:04 What is the deal with the "verified photos" from the independent Dubai escort site? A lot of them seem to good to be true.It looks too good to be true because it is. Ander Jeff 01-31-11, 14:36 What is the deal with the "verified photos" from the independent Dubai escort site? A lot of them seem to good to be true.Well according to personal experience the " VERIFIED PHOTOS" are real. The NON VERIFIED ONES ARE NOT. A bit of photo shop but real pictures for verified ones. IAintSpecial 01-31-11, 18:35 Well according to personal experience the " VERIFIED PHOTOS" are real. The NON VERIFIED ONES ARE NOT. A bit of photo shop but real pictures for verified ones.Maybe you should let us know which ones are real then. Nearly all the photos with the Russian numbers are fake. Steve Dubai 02-01-11, 06:04 What is the deal with the "verified photos" from the independent Dubai escort site? A lot of them seem to good to be true.I questioned this to them and they wrote back explaining that a verified photo is one where the girl has held a sign or paper with the words "Dubai" on it. So it means the girl could exist, but photo shopping these days can easily get around that. Does not mean that the girl you see will be the girl you will meet. Steve Ander Jeff 02-01-11, 14:51 Maybe you should let us know which ones are real then. Nearly all the photos with the Russian numbers are fake.Ok let me tell you which ones are real. Sasha. She is real (Russian) but she is not so pretty in person and is kind of short. She had faked her pics before with someone else and I took the bait and went. But now I see she has her real pics. Paula star is for real. And so is annabelle. There was another girl from germany by the name of claire. She is really hot but I think she is not there anymore. But these girls come and go. So you have to keep a look out. Cj9779 03-22-11, 15:09 Hello, No. I haven't gone into escorting. . I have a friend who has gotten into some financial trouble, and it more than I can help her with, so she asked me to help her find some "friends." She is 23, Eastern European, fair, petite, black hair, and dark eyes. Kind of the cute girl next door type. She was working about 3 years ago, but has had a regular job for quite some time. I have known her for many years. I have helped her out a few times before, but I am not able to this time. She is looking to meet a few select guys, and I told her I would help her discreetly. She has a full time job, so a limited schedule. This is not a full time thing for her and probably temporary. Please PM me in interested. C Raico 03-27-11, 00:02 Hello, No. I haven't gone into escorting. . I have a friend who has gotten into some financial trouble, and it more than I can help her with, so she asked me to help her find some "friends." She is 23, Eastern European, fair, petite, black hair, and dark eyes. Kind of the cute girl next door type. She was working about 3 years ago, but has had a regular job for quite some time. I have known her for many years. I have helped her out a few times before, but I am not able to this time. She is looking to meet a few select guys, and I told her I would help her discreetly. She has a full time job, so a limited schedule. This is not a full time thing for her and probably temporary. Please PM me in interested. CHi. Yes I would like to help your friend. Please send me here contact. I will be in Dubai from the 1st April. Thanks. Steely Dan 03-27-11, 00:41 Hello, No. I haven't gone into escorting. . I have a friend who has gotten into some financial trouble, and it more than I can help her with, so she asked me to help her find some "friends." She is 23, Eastern European, fair, petite, black hair, and dark eyes. Kind of the cute girl next door type. She was working about 3 years ago, but has had a regular job for quite some time. I have known her for many years. I have helped her out a few times before, but I am not able to this time. She is looking to meet a few select guys, and I told her I would help her discreetly. She has a full time job, so a limited schedule. This is not a full time thing for her and probably temporary. Please PM me in interested. CI am in Dubai, would be happy to help. Spoiled Brat 03-30-11, 23:03 I am in Dubai, would be happy to help.Hi, I am in Dubai till next thrusday, I would like help her send me her contact. Cheers EbonyBustyUK 04-12-11, 18:42 Hi guys, I will be visiting the middle east shortly for some much needed break from the uk shores and working in the middle east it will be my first time working here. I've been to Dubai twice on shopping and mini break trips. Any lovely gents that would help out with red and green places thata would be handy for me to know and any help would be much appreciated. However I was recently told there isn't a market for black girls in UAE is that true? Abit about me; I am mid 20's (I know you hear this alot but its true LOL and I actually look younger) I am 6ft. I am very busty 38GG (so boobs are probably size of your face, firm defo not saggy) I am a curvy girl size 14/16 (not everyines cup of tea but for those who I am, I have good tight skin so not flabby) I have a very pretty cute face. I have great silky smooth skin. I have great full lips (you know what they are good for) I enjoy what I do and I'm very good at it. Anyone that is intrested or can merely help do PM me. I should be coming with a friend that is half white and Chinese canadian. Sweet kisses. Renee Zabraman 04-17-11, 12:45 Would like to help out please send me info. Hello, No. I haven't gone into escorting. . I have a friend who has gotten into some financial trouble, and it more than I can help her with, so she asked me to help her find some "friends." She is 23, Eastern European, fair, petite, black hair, and dark eyes. Kind of the cute girl next door type. She was working about 3 years ago, but has had a regular job for quite some time. I have known her for many years. I have helped her out a few times before, but I am not able to this time. She is looking to meet a few select guys, and I told her I would help her discreetly. She has a full time job, so a limited schedule. This is not a full time thing for her and probably temporary. Please PM me in interested. C AngelinaNYC 04-22-11, 17:20 Russian gal now residing in New York City is available for International Travel. Anyone who maybe interested visit my website at www.angelinanyc.net (pics are there) EbonyBustyUK 05-20-11, 00:54 Guys, I will be visiting UAE for the 1st time. If your bored with what you currently see How about a pretty curvy caramel tall Extremely busty English babe? If that tickels your fancy I will be visiting for 5days. For details: www.adulwork.co.uk/EbonyBusty38GG www.englishebony.com From a horny renee. And for those that just want a massage and a very very happy ending that is on offer too. Or pm me for dates. Tantric Tina 05-31-11, 14:18 Hello, boys. I am back! I can do incall in an upmarket Hotel. A brand new Parlour. For those who want an exotic massage which ends oh so happily. We are just a very short journey from Seaview. Or I can do outcall for thos of you who want a full service. Call me on 050 902 9914 and lets share some fun! Love. Tina. Xxx Mary Mary 06-01-11, 11:27 Hi My Dear, My girlfriends and I have just opened a Brand New Parlour in Bur Dubai. We have new girls from China Thailand and Philipines. They are all young, attractive and very attentive. If you want a warm welcome, great professional massage and a very Happy Ending in a comfortable friendly environment then please call Mary on 050 945 4058. Come and see us. No obligation to stay. I am sure you will like what you find. Hope to see you soon. Mary Sylvan59 06-09-11, 13:33 Hi My Dear, My girlfriends and I have just opened a Brand New Parlour in Bur Dubai. We have new girls from China Thailand and Philipines. They are all young, attractive and very attentive. If you want a warm welcome, great professional massage and a very Happy Ending in a comfortable friendly environment then please call Mary on 050 945 4058. Come and see us. No obligation to stay. I am sure you will like what you find. Hope to see you soon. MaryHello, Guys! Quiet Legit Set up! (not an AMP) Good Eye Candy! Mary's girls back up their claims above to a large extend. Best Regards. Sylvan Cunt Slicker 06-11-11, 09:46 Hello, Guys! Quiet Legit Set up! (not an AMP) Good Eye Candy! Mary's girls back up their claims above to a large extend. Best Regards. SylvanHi Sylvan, When you said Legit. You meant you do get a decent massage and perhaps a bill as well, right? But any updates on the prices for the extras? Linas Amp 06-12-11, 15:55 we are a new massage parlour based near the clock tower in deira. we are close also to the al rigga metro station. we have very clean premises with full facilities including showers. there are several car parks within a short distance. everything we do is above board but we ensure that all our consultations end happily for our clients. our girls (chinese and philipines) all give professional therapeutic massage as well as being attractive and welcoming. my ex-boyfriend is european and that is why i understand what clients want from a professional massage establishment. we provide a good service. we do not mislead customers in our advertisements or on the phone. we encourage feedback on our service so that we can improve and give our clients what they want. please phone 0503969388 for directions. we are open from 11am to 3am. i hope to welcome you soon to our parlour! lina Anil Fedrik 06-14-11, 16:05 we are a new massage parlour based near the clock tower in deira. we are close also to the al rigga metro station. we have very clean premises with full facilities including showers. there are several car parks within a short distance. everything we do is above board but we ensure that all our consultations end happily for our clients. our girls (chinese and philipines) all give professional therapeutic massage as well as being attractive and welcoming. my ex-boyfriend is european and that is why i understand what clients want from a professional massage establishment. we provide a good service. we do not mislead customers in our advertisements or on the phone. we encourage feedback on our service so that we can improve and give our clients what they want. please phone 0503969388 for directions. we are open from 11am to 3am. i hope to welcome you soon to our parlour! linalina, it would be great if you mentioned the type of services and rates, i guess there is no harm in publishing here hope guyz are agree with me Snow1998 06-15-11, 20:21 Hi My Dear, My girlfriends and I have just opened a Brand New Parlour in Bur Dubai. We have new girls from China Thailand and Philipines. They are all young, attractive and very attentive. If you want a warm welcome, great professional massage and a very Happy Ending in a comfortable friendly environment then please call Mary on 050 945 4058. Come and see us. No obligation to stay. I am sure you will like what you find. Hope to see you soon. MaryTried it last week. Only PRC available. There were only 2 when I went around 1pm. Starts at 200 for 45mts. I'd rate the woman at 4/10. Offered BBBJ and access to assets. Didn't specify an amount I tipped 100. Linas Amp 06-19-11, 14:52 Lina, It would be great if you mentioned the type of services and rates, I guess there is no harm in publishing here Hope Guyz are agree with meHello, Anil, Services are. Excellent professional massage which should be the main aim for anyone visiting us. Feedback from my clients is that they are always happy at the end of the massage. We have a fixed rate card on display which is very reasonable. Other proprieters have asked me not to publish rates on the internet. Why not phone me for more details? I don't bite. Unless you are very naughty. Love, Lina. 0503969388 Fatboyuk 06-21-11, 11:41 Hello, Anil, Services are. Excellent professional massage which should be the main aim for anyone visiting us. Feedback from my clients is that they are always happy at the end of the massage. We have a fixed rate card on display which is very reasonable. Other proprieters have asked me not to publish rates on the internet. Why not phone me for more details? I don't bite. Unless you are very naughty. Love, Lina. 0503969388Shame the providers don't get private boxes to simplify communications and better details. Lina will text you an email address for you to pass on the appropriate information if you don't mind. Regards Rose Lady 07-01-11, 20:08 Hi All, This is Rose Lady. Long time have not see you all. I am back now! I have got new girls in my parlour and my website has just been updated : www.freewebs.com/roselady. Please, have a look at it and let me know what you think. I am back, because I have lots of clients asking about our service again as we had a very good reputation for service, and we will continue our excellent service for you guys. I hope to see you all again soon. Ying Rose Lady 07-01-11, 22:46 Hi All, This is Rose Lady. Long time have not see you all. I am back now! I have got new girls in my parlour and my website has just been updated : www.freewebs.com/roselady. Please, have a look at it and let me know what you think. I am back, because I have lots of clients asking about our service again as we had a very good reputation for service, and we will continue our excellent service for you guys. I hope to see you all again soon. Rose Lady IAintSpecial 07-02-11, 06:37 Roselady, Your website is broken Rose Lady 07-02-11, 20:20 Try it again, please. I have no problems for open the website. Rose lady Nice Guy 99 07-03-11, 08:48 Try it again, please. I have no problems for open the website. Rose ladyYing: "website not found". It's broken. HarryDave 07-03-11, 15:39 Ying: "website not found". It's broken.Just type the url into your web browser. That works. BionicMan 07-03-11, 16:26 Roselady, Your website is brokenThere is a "fullstop" too much in the URL written before. Try this way. www.freewebs.com/roselady Rose Lady 07-03-11, 23:54 Hi All, This is Rose Lady. Thanks Bionicman for putting the address right. Here it is again without the extra stop. www.freewebs.com/roselady Please see if you can all see it now and let me know what you think. Rose Lady Metol 07-04-11, 12:28 Hi All, This is Rose Lady. Thanks Bionicman for putting the address right. Here it is again without the extra stop. www.freewebs.com/roselady Rose LadyHhmm, I can see what's on offer. Roselady! Bionicman should get a freeby for that and the story afterwards! Well done, Bionicman Freetibet0478 07-04-11, 18:41 How about some snaps and some rates honey? Freetibet. Hello, boys. I am back! I can do incall in an upmarket Hotel. A brand new Parlour. For those who want an exotic massage which ends oh so happily. We are just a very short journey from Seaview. Or I can do outcall for thos of you who want a full service. Call me on 050 902 9914 and lets share some fun! Love. Tina. Xxx DubaiBabe 07-13-11, 06:28 Hi Everyone, If you're looking a great 2hrs or 12hrs session please call me on 056 125 9709. I am 24 years old and very sensual and pleasing. Love, Dubai Babe Ander Jeff 07-24-11, 13:11 Annalise. This is for the website I was talking about in my previous posts. This woman is for real and much pretter than the pics on that site. It was a pleasant surprise. Sylvan59 07-24-11, 17:00 Annalise. This is for the website I was talking about in my previous posts. This woman is for real and much pretter than the pics on that site. It was a pleasant surprise.AJ. Where is the link to URL? Nothing attached here Best Regards & Take Crae. Sylvan Edited in: Found it. Thanks Cj9779 08-18-11, 11:09 There's no way to delete this post, so I will say it again. My friend is long gone from Dubai. I am also no longer in Dubai, so please stop with the random PMs. Thanks, CJ. Hello, No. I haven't gone into escorting. . I have a friend who has gotten into some financial trouble, and it more than I can help her with, so she asked me to help her find some "friends." She is 23, Eastern European, fair, petite, black hair, and dark eyes. Kind of the cute girl next door type. She was working about 3 years ago, but has had a regular job for quite some time. I have known her for many years. I have helped her out a few times before, but I am not able to this time. She is looking to meet a few select guys, and I told her I would help her discreetly. She has a full time job, so a limited schedule. This is not a full time thing for her and probably temporary. Please PM me in interested. C Buratinodxb 09-03-11, 20:08 Treat yourself to a pampering full body massage. It will end happily for you we are sure. And much much more also. We have many beautiful masseuses available for outcall or incall at our luxury premises close to SZR. Jumeirah. ALL services available. PHONE for more details or appointment. 0561340188 Madhav 09-28-11, 04:16 Guys, I'm sure Dubai is great. I'm merely recommending Jakarta as a must monger city and you may contact me if you need a nightlife tour guide around. As a supplement reading on what Jakarta has to offer, you may visit Indonesia forum. Read 2002-2006 Jakarta Reports and Jakarta threads in particular. http://www.internationalsexguide.info/forum/forumdisplay.php?236-Indonesia Have fun! JAKARTA AFTER DARKWould definitely back JAD on this. After been to Dubai over 25-30 times over the past ten yrs 'and seen the transformation, I could definitely back JAD. Been to Jakarta in July just for the 2nd time in my life and it's a really wonderful experience. Now if someone offer me a free mongering trip to choose from Dubai 'and Jakarta, my preference would be Jakarta without doubt. And a special thanks to Jakarta After Dark for this. TravelingBobman 10-04-11, 17:46 Hi Everyone, If you're looking a great 2hrs or 12hrs session please call me on 056 125 9709. I am 24 years old and very sensual and pleasing. Love, Dubai BabeHey Dubai Babe, do you have a picture to post? Aescortdiva 10-22-11, 16:54 If you are looking for the perfect combination of safety, discretion, Friendliness, understanding, plus beauty and brains with a healthy. Sense of humor thrown in the mix, you might not find anyone better. I am a degree-educated, well spoken, intelligent and lively companion. I am a very open minded soul, willing to communicate with the right. Gentleman. I am full of sensuality and possess a smile that can. Light up your room. I stand a statuesque 5'7".34D-24-34. I am 30 yrs old and independent. Discretion for your security. Is always a paramount. www.annabelle2011.com Buratinodxb 11-07-11, 08:24 Tired, stressed, overworked? Treat yourself to one of our 2-girl specials. You can have twice the fun. Maybe you fancy tall and slim combined with buxom and beautiful. Go on. SPOIL YOURSELF. You deserve it. We have beautiful masseuses available for outcall or incall at our luxury premises. ALL services available. Please PHONE for more details or appointment. [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove personal telephone numbers. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! Freetibet0478 11-08-11, 08:38 What nationality are your girls? Any website where we can have a look at the girls? FT Tired, stressed, overworked? Treat yourself to one of our 2-girl specials. You can have twice the fun. Maybe you fancy tall and slim combined with buxom and beautiful. Go on. SPOIL YOURSELF. You deserve it. We have beautiful masseuses available for outcall or incall at our luxury premises. ALL services available. Please PHONE for more details or appointment. [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove personal telephone numbers. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! PeterThomas 11-12-11, 01:16 Hello, Gentlemen My name is Lisa, I hope you are doing good today. My friends and I are offering Escort service to you in Dubai. The girls are coming from China, Hong Kong, South Korea, Thai and Singapore. We are living in Dubai So far. We are supplying the only high class beautiful girls IN & OUT service. We can send hotties to your resident, hotel. Or you can come to our place. All our models / girls (20 to 26 years old, charges are different girl different money AED. 300 to 800 per hour) are working in Companies, Banks, Hotels in Dubai and very beautiful sexy girls, We are doing the very good sexy body to body massage also. If you like this, please call me undersigned, when you free. You can have your escort girls As soon as possible. Thanks & Regards, Cell: 00971508826209 00971501401284 E-mail: lisadubaigirls@yahoo.com Khundig 11-27-11, 07:31 What nationality are your girls? Any website where we can have a look at the girls? FTTried to call the number a few times. Always switched off. Does anyone has another number of this place? Madam 12-05-11, 12:42 Hey Busty Ebony, I will be visiting Dubai next week. What is your hourly outcall rate? Guys, I will be visiting UAE for the 1st time. If your bored with what you currently see How about a pretty curvy caramel tall Extremely busty English babe? If that tickels your fancy I will be visiting for 5days. For details: www.adulwork.co.uk/EbonyBusty38GG www.englishebony.com From a horny renee. And for those that just want a massage and a very very happy ending that is on offer too. Or pm me for dates. SusaDubai 12-21-11, 08:55 Hello, Guys, My name is Susan, I am an independent Asian escort girl currently based in Dubai. I am 20 years old and a part-time swimming costume model, cute and very sweet. I have been told that I am an angel on the outside, but all devil on the inside. Yes, I am a bad girl who loves to play and I want to show you the guilty pleasure that the Sin City has to offer. I provide discreet professional escort service with the ultimate aim of providing you with entertainment, excitement, fun and a high degree of satisfaction. . For more info, please visit my personal website or call me: www.darlingsusan.com Tel: +971-50-350 1995. Email:susan.dxb@gmail.com Hope to see you soon. . Kisses, Susan xxx ShanghaiEscort 12-22-11, 17:59 I am Mandy. 20 years old Chinese model escort in Shanghai, offer good massage and female escort service. http://xpshanghaiescort.com http://www.86shanghaiescort.com Khundig 01-17-12, 16:47 They got obviously a visit from the police. After 3 weeks the place was shut down and the girls sent back to their home countries. What a shame since I really liked to go there. Tried to call the number a few times. Always switched off. Does anyone has another number of this place? Buratinodxb 02-27-12, 14:47 Full Body Massage in brand new luxurious health spa, Golden Moon Spa is 2 minutes from Burjman metro station and offers a full range of massage, therapies with Indonesian and Chinese masseuses, Treat yourself to a fully satisfying experience Open 11am to 3am, For appointment call same no of the title. 150 per hour, Special Introductory offer Earlybird discount available before 6pm if you bring copy of this advertidsement. Buratinodxb 02-29-12, 09:22 Full Body Massage in brand new luxurious health spa, Golden Moon Spa is 2 minutes from Burjman metro station and offers a full range of massage, therapies with Indonesian and Chinese masseuses, Treat yourself to a fully satisfying experience Open 11am to 3am 150 per hour. Special Introductory offer Earlybird discount available before 6pm if you bring copy of this Advertidsement, thanks. Txmwv 03-03-12, 08:46 Full Body Massage in brand new luxurious health spa, Golden Moon Spa is 2 minutes from Burjman metro station and offers a full range of massage, therapies with Indonesian and Chinese masseuses, Treat yourself to a fully satisfying experience Open 11am to 3am 150 per hour. Special Introductory offer Earlybird discount available before 6pm if you bring copy of this Advertidsement, thanks.More specific directions please. [Email address deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited to remove email addresses in the text. Please do not post email addresses in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! CaitlinJaydon 03-09-12, 08:11 Hello, Gents, My Name is Caitlin Jaydon! I am an elite unique upscale independent provider, of Central American descent, A Belizean beauty! Treat yourself, let all your romantic dreams or desired fantasies come True with an experience that is so pleasurable you will never forget it! Don't CHEAT YOURSELF TREAT YOURSELF TONITE! Elite Model for the UPSCALE Gentlemen in search of TRUE Perfection! Enjoy a SATISFYING and UNRUSHED experience with THE HOTTEST GIRL IN TOWN! Find out WHY I'm MOST Requested! Indulge & See What You Been Missing! Give me a call so We can get together and play. http://supermaga.webnode.com +971566194028 IAintSpecial 03-10-12, 06:28 Hello, Gents, http://supermaga.webnode.com +971566194028Do not come here with FAKE PICS and expect any business! We have ways to check if a photo is being used on the internet. We know you are not a playboy model and this photo was found on the internet! H Schneeberg 03-12-12, 12:53 Full Body Massage in brand new luxurious health spa, Golden Moon Spa is 2 minutes from Burjman metro station and offers a full range of massage, therapies with Indonesian and Chinese masseuses, Treat yourself to a fully satisfying experience Open 11am to 3am 150 per hour. Special Introductory offer Earlybird discount available before 6pm if you bring copy of this Advertidsement, thanks.@buratinodxb. Any chance to get details or contacts? Website / Tel or email; maybe PM? Buratinodxb 03-17-12, 09:31 Moon Valley hotel. @buratinodxb. Any chance to get details or contacts? Website / Tel or email; maybe PM? H Schneeberg 03-21-12, 12:23 Moon Valley hotel.Thanks Buratinodxb. Will be in Bur Dubai after 1. 4. And will check there. Full service availabel? Other question: You promoted Lucys AMP in Dubai marina before. Because this would be nearer, is it still working? Aimara 04-17-12, 22:58 Raffles is pretty safe. And if you happen to be there the same time as I arrive then maybe I could be the 'fun' thrown into your holiday. HI all I'm planning a trip to Dubai soon and just wondered if any of you could possible give me some advice on any safe hotels / apartments and best places to advertise its mainly a holiday with some fun thrown in Look forward to hearing from you. www.bristolebonyescort.co.uk BlacknBusty 04-17-12, 23:01 Ok thanks that much appreciated do you know where most girls advertising ect and any dos and donts with regarding working ect With Raffles is it easy for clients to get in / out of ie not keycarded ect that the main thing for me. Raffles is pretty safe. And if you happen to be there the same time as I arrive then maybe I could be the 'fun' thrown into your holiday. Pajodxb 04-18-12, 07:38 HI all I'm planning a trip to Dubai soon and just wondered if any of you could possible give me some advice on any safe hotels / apartments and best places to advertise its mainly a holiday with some fun thrown in Look forward to hearing from you. www.bristolebonyescort.co.ukI think it depends on what end of the market you are going for as well. Grand Millenium in Tecom is nice and as a gentleman caller I can enter through the rear (phnarr, phnarr) and not have to pass reception. What you might be up against is that a lot of the black girls here are from Nigeria and they generally have a bad reputation for being awkward / drama queens. Aimara 04-18-12, 22:48 Upto about 9pm (I think) you can access the rooms directly from the car park area at Wafi. You enter the lift area and activate the lifts using your room key from the car park. Later in the evening this access is closed off. Personally I have never had any issues any time of the day and I don't believe that a guest here would. As long as they were not being boisterous drawing attention to themselves. Ok thanks that much appreciated do you know where most girls advertising ect and any dos and donts with regarding working ect With Raffles is it easy for clients to get in / out of ie not keycarded ect that the main thing for me.Other options would be Hilton Dubai Creek. No issues and again access from the car park and without passing reception. You have to tell security at the car park your room # but they never question other occupants in your car Snow1998 04-19-12, 00:35 Upto about 9pm (I think) you can access the rooms directly from the car park area at Wafi. You enter the lift area and activate the lifts using your room key from the car park. Later in the evening this access is closed off. Personally I have never had any issues any time of the day and I don't believe that a guest here would. As long as they were not being boisterous drawing attention to themselves. Other options would be Hilton Dubai Creek. No issues and again access from the car park and without passing reception. You have to tell security at the car park your room # but they never question other occupants in your carI have visited a provider who was staying at the 4points Sheraton on Sheik Zayed Road a couple of years back with no issues. Walked straight past reception to the lifts, no questions asked. Pajodxb 04-19-12, 07:11 Thanks for that when you say drama queens do you mean causing problems with other women or for clients and sorry I'm being dumb but what dose green. Red mean Thanks.It's hard to explain, the experience isn't usually very good (rushed and typically very disinterested) , they are awkward. Agree one thing and then go back on it when you get to the room etc. Mostly they are from Nigeria but will claim to be from Ghana or something more exotic like the Carribean, Seychelles / Mauritius but it's easy to pick the accents when you've met a few. Have a look through some of the reports here for more info. Generally though the "feeling" I beleive is that black (African) girls are more trouble than they are worth. Especially when the Fili girls are so friendly! I've had a look through some of your pictures. You'd be looking at the upper end of the market I guess. And I would have thought it would be better to be in a location closer to the Marina or maybe Old Town. That said I'm not one for trying to pick up men in bars! BlacknBusty 04-19-12, 18:02 Well I be alright then as I don't have a attitude and I'm definatly easy going and if I say I'm going to fuck. I fuck I havnt been to the middle east before hence all the questions. Is that how it works all the time hanging around in bars. Night clubs and picking up guys in a bar (thats not really my scene) Generally I work from hotels advertise and the guys come and visit me at my hotel / apartments Is that workable in Dubai and what dose green. Red hotels mean I'm being really dumb here but really appreciate all your advice and help. It's hard to explain, the experience isn't usually very good (rushed and typically very disinterested) , they are awkward. Agree one thing and then go back on it when you get to the room etc. Mostly they are from Nigeria but will claim to be from Ghana or something more exotic like the Carribean, Seychelles / Mauritius but it's easy to pick the accents when you've met a few. Have a look through some of the reports here for more info. Generally though the "feeling" I beleive is that black (African) girls are more trouble than they are worth. Especially when the Fili girls are so friendly! I've had a look through some of your pictures. You'd be looking at the upper end of the market I guess. And I would have thought it would be better to be in a location closer to the Marina or maybe Old Town. That said I'm not one for trying to pick up men in bars! Kabul 04-20-12, 20:06 Well I be alright then as I don't have a attitude and I'm definatly easy going and if I say I'm going to fuck. I fuck I havnt been to the middle east before hence all the questions. Is that how it works all the time hanging around in bars. Night clubs and picking up guys in a bar (thats not really my scene) Generally I work from hotels advertise and the guys come and visit me at my hotel / apartments Is that workable in Dubai and what dose green. Red hotels mean I'm being really dumb here but really appreciate all your advice and help.Basically red means that they are closed to guys taking girls back to the rooms with them unless they are married and can show a marriage license, green means the exact opposite as in anyone (or any number of others) can join someone in a room. There are of course a lot of variations in the rules depending on the time of year (Ramadan tends to get tighter) or who is on the desk. See the forum on hotel information or. http://www.wgfriendly.com/search_girl_friendly_hotels.php?country=UAE&city=Dubai For some more details. My advice is to advertise on one of the Dubai escort sites, some offer a verification service where you have to write the word Dubai or something like that on a paper and hold it up for a photo. Also get a UAE phone number; you can buy a du SIMM card just as you are leaving the airport. Just after you exit Customs and are going past the hotel booths towards the taxi exit go to the left and there is a stand that will sell you a SIMM for about 55 AED and it will be active in a couple of hours. Its pay as you go and top up cards are available everywhere. (I will never call a girl who does not have a UAE number, just part of my screening process.) Aimara 04-22-12, 20:28 Theirs no adultwork and you can't exactly put an ad in the local. Find yourself a hotel which is going to allow you guests. Personally I think you may struggle and should probably go for an apt You will not have to 'pick up' in the bars. The bars are your newspaper. Do some research and you should have a list of hotels where the clientele are only there to meet for pay for play. That avoids any confusion / embarrasment and potential issues with the law. Well I be alright then as I don't have a attitude and I'm definatly easy going and if I say I'm going to fuck. I fuck I havnt been to the middle east before hence all the questions. Is that how it works all the time hanging around in bars. Night clubs and picking up guys in a bar (thats not really my scene) Generally I work from hotels advertise and the guys come and visit me at my hotel / apartments Is that workable in Dubai and what dose green. Red hotels mean I'm being really dumb here but really appreciate all your advice and help. BlacknBusty 04-22-12, 23:27 Thanks I have researched and decided on apartments and I have a few options I'm going to sort out advertising and then go from there Thanks loads for your help much appreciated. Xx Paris Theirs no adultwork and you can't exactly put an ad in the local. Find yourself a hotel which is going to allow you guests. Personally I think you may struggle and should probably go for an apt You will not have to 'pick up' in the bars. The bars are your newspaper. Do some research and you should have a list of hotels where the clientele are only there to meet for pay for play. That avoids any confusion / embarrasment and potential issues with the law. IndiMumbaiGuy 05-15-12, 21:23 Treat yourself to a pampering full body massage. It will end happily for you we are sure. And much much more also. We have many beautiful masseuses available for outcall or incall at our luxury premises close to SZR. Jumeirah. ALL services available. PHONE for more details or appointment. 0561340188Hi. Is this still open / available? British Escort 05-19-12, 06:26 Hi guys, I am in Dubai until mid July. Will need to do a couple of visa runs at some point though! I stay in a 4* hotel and there is no hassle regarding guys coming to see me, I use a hotel that has a bar and many restaurants. That people not staying at hotel have acces to so nobody gets stopped! Please click on my website link for all the details you need. http://bahraindesires.com http://www.adultwork.com/1030339 Look forward to hearing from you. Nat. Xx Mizak 05-19-12, 23:17 Another golden pussy in Dubai. Hi guys, I am in Dubai until mid July. Will need to do a couple of visa runs at some point though! I stay in a 4* hotel and there is no hassle regarding guys coming to see me, I use a hotel that has a bar and many restaurants. That people not staying at hotel have acces to so nobody gets stopped! Please click on my website link for all the details you need. http://bahraindesires.com http://www.adultwork.com/1030339 Look forward to hearing from you. Nat. Xx BionicMan 05-20-12, 07:28 I have visited a provider who was staying at the 4points Sheraton on Sheik Zayed Road a couple of years back with no issues. Walked straight past reception to the lifts, no questions asked.Probably it is easier for a man to go through reception to the lifts than for a woman, whose face is not familiar, to do so. Certainly at some point hotel staff will wonder why so many unknown male faces take the lifts, maybe 2-3 time a day. Don't underestimate the CCTV system: they can follow the path of any person through the different floors, if they want to, without you being aware. Black Eyes 05-24-12, 23:45 They got obviously a visit from the police. After 3 weeks the place was shut down and the girls sent back to their home countries. What a shame since I really liked to go there.The phone was ringing but no one answered. Does anyone has recent info? Jimmy K II 05-25-12, 09:59 Sorry to say Nat, but your pricing seems to be way too high. At this prices I can get an absolute stunner who is offering full service and this for LT. Also, end of may to mid June the low season is starting and prices are usually going down. Wish you best of luck andyway, but you won't see me. Hi guys, I am in Dubai until mid July. Will need to do a couple of visa runs at some point though! I stay in a 4* hotel and there is no hassle regarding guys coming to see me, I use a hotel that has a bar and many restaurants. That people not staying at hotel have acces to so nobody gets stopped! Please click on my website link for all the details you need. http://bahraindesires.com http://www.adultwork.com/1030339 Look forward to hearing from you. Nat. Xx Misha Rastov 05-25-12, 16:45 Sorry to say Nat, but your pricing seems to be way too high. At this prices I can get an absolute stunner who is offering full service and this for LT.Ah but can you get a quality English woman? Lot of Johhny Foreigners in the ME who are willing to pay for the time of an English women. Aimara 05-25-12, 23:38 HK british, I think you mean. "please do not haggle. The Enlglish do not use this system and it is very much a turn off!" firstly there's only one 'l' in English and secondly. Who are you kidding. Good luck! Hi guys, I am in Dubai until mid July. Will need to do a couple of visa runs at some point though! I stay in a 4* hotel and there is no hassle regarding guys coming to see me, I use a hotel that has a bar and many restaurants. That people not staying at hotel have acces to so nobody gets stopped! Please click on my website link for all the details you need. http://bahraindesires.com http://www.adultwork.com/1030339 Look forward to hearing from you. Nat. Xx Nice Guy 99 05-26-12, 04:44 Ah but can you get a quality English woman? Lot of Johhny Foreigners in the ME who are willing to pay for the time of an English women.Misha. Surely you're jesting. In comparison to a PRC or CIS even the most excellent English women fall short. British Escort 05-27-12, 05:06 Sorry to say Nat, but your pricing seems to be way too high. At this prices I can get an absolute stunner who is offering full service and this for LT. Also, end of may to mid June the low season is starting and prices are usually going down. Wish you best of luck andyway, but you won't see me.My price suits the type of guys I like to see, there are many guys who just look here but do not post. Most of the guys that post on here are looking for the cheapest they can get then come on here and moan what a shit time they had. It's not rocket science! So for me things are very good, if it was not then I would not keep coming back. Yes this is not my first visit! British Escort 05-27-12, 05:14 HK british, I think you mean. "please do not haggle. The Enlglish do not use this system and it is very much a turn off!" firstly there's only one 'l' in English and secondly. Who are you kidding. Good luck!I almost can not be bothered to reply but I am a feisty ENGLISH lady so can't help myself! I do not need luck hun, my age, real pics and reviews work just fine in Dubai. Thanks anyway. British Escort 05-27-12, 06:13 My price suits the type of guys I like to see, there are many guys who just look here but do not post. Most of the guys that post on here are looking for the cheapest they can get then come on here and moan what a shit time they had. It's not rocket science! So for me things are very good, if it was not then I would not keep coming back. Yes this is not my first visit!Some of my title was missing. Don't want to start a new debate now do I! British Escort 05-27-12, 06:16 Ok a few points that some guys who post on here do not get: There are many guys that brows this site looking for a girl, not everybody posts, judging by the posts, if I thought it was just the posters (not all the posters) then trust me I would not put ad on this site because reading some of the posts despairs me. But is also very entertaining! Now some of the guys on here seem to think that all guys are in the same mind set as they are. Not the case. The guys that come to see me (many are English) would not be seen in any clubs / bars, they want a conversation as well as a bang. They like my age. Not all guys want to bang someone who is young enough to be their daughter! My pictures are clearly not fake, my website is precise and shows I will not take unnecessary health risks. OWO. Then their is my reviews from AW. So in a nutshell the type of guys that come to see me like good clean quality fun. Simple really! This is not my first trip to the ME or Dubai, I would not be here in a 4* hotel for 3 months if I did not make good money. I have a brain, each 3 month trip to Dubai makes me enough money to go home and put a deposit down on a house. Who is the stupid one? Not sure of the nationality of the guys that post here but am sure some of you have a brain. Somewhere. These cheaper girls come from country's far cheaper than the UK so their money goes further when back home, most of these girls are pimped out and do not get to keep even half of the money they earn. Then there are the girls that are sex trafficked but hey your getting a cheap shag so it does not matter. Right? It is not my intention to go back and forth trying to prove my point on here, I place an ad. That's it! I am sure this post will give some guys food for thought but also it will give the idiots ammunition to write total crap. Am I bothered? No because I am in Dubai sitting pretty and earning more than most who post on here! Happy hunting guys! Ps Please excuse any typo errors or lack of grammar. Nat. Xx John David 06-14-12, 20:23 Please visit https://dubaiangels.com Our webaite is not blocked in Dubai and most of the escort profiles are verified and real. We have escorts from india, arab and wstern. Enjoy your stay in Dubai. Belvaros 06-25-12, 14:16 Ok a few points that some guys who post on here do not get: There are many guys that brows this site looking for a girl, not everybody posts, judging by the posts, if I thought it was just the posters (not all the posters) then trust me I would not put ad on this site because reading some of the posts despairs me. But is also very entertaining! Now some of the guys on here seem to think that all guys are in the same mind set as they are. Not the case. The guys that come to see me (many are English) would not be seen in any clubs / bars, they want a conversation as well as a bang. They like my age. Not all guys want to bang someone who is young enough to be their daughter! My pictures are clearly not fake, my website is precise and shows I will not take unnecessary health risks. OWO. Then their is my reviews from AW. Happy hunting guys! Nat. XxStick to your guns Nat! I for one, will always pay more for a nice English lass. Would literally kill for a regular here in Morocco. So much so, that after a few weeks here, any British person I meet gets a big hug from moi. I mean we can discuss the EPL, Who albums etc ad infinitum. What can I talk about with an Arab girl. The price of a fucking camel. Or with a Russian. The price of a Berkin bag or other EXPENSIVE fashion item. And I know the Arabs love the premium ass that is provided by the British. Not everyone can afford the higher rates but please keep advertising here as you are more than welcome. The whole idea of a forum of this kind is to GET AND PROVIDE information. If you are ever in Morocco send us a PM message and we can take you out and show you a good time Loranin 06-26-12, 16:45 Hi guys. I would like to meet some exiting guys this summer for any kind of fun. Please contact me if you want to meet a real girl who gives real GFE. http://slovakgfecompanion.escortwebsite.com/ Kisses. Lora Esfflbe 07-01-12, 19:09 Hi, I have had a horrible experience last week when I have decided to book an escort via Dubai Independent website (verified one). Unfortunately the girl that was in the picture is completely different than the web site. Please be aware and save your time. Your money is save as you can just drop the meeting. I hope I have added some valuable information to you guys. Enjoy! Saule 09-11-12, 11:08 I am a highly educated, professional, Central Asian woman (From Kazakhstan) and I travel often in connection with my real job. I will be visiting Dubai for meetings towards the end of September this year and I am sure to find time for my horny hobby. I speak fluent English and I love my sexy hobby as a part time escort and sexual adventuress. But, I must say that I am choosey about the men I spend time with and they really need to be clean, kind and nice to be with. I have always loved sex and I really enjoy seeing and feeling a guy or a girl cumming for me, and with me. I will wear anything you want me to wear (Although most people love my stockings and short skirts with high boots or stilettos) , and I can be anybody you want me to be for our time together. Oh, and we can have sex almost anywhere you want. Where and how you want to cum is entirely up to you. In my mouth, my pussy, my fingers or on my stockings or face. I just love it all. So, if you are going to be around in Dubai this autumn, or you want me to travel elsewhere, just get in touch with me and I will be happy to give you the cum of a lifetime. But, please remember that I do this because I really enjoy it and I need to cum too, so when we are together, please be a gentleman and make me cum too. I cum very, very quickly and loudly and often many times. So please do help. If you are travelling a lot and can not get much spare time, or maybe you are just very busy, perhaps you would like to have a really sexy time and cum with me on Skype. It is easy and if you e-mail me I will send you my Skype address. But, whatever it is you want, please feel free to just get in touch and let me know. I like to please and the answer is rarely 'No'. Lancealoty 09-11-12, 19:28 Full Body Massage in brand new luxurious health spa, Golden Moon Spa is 2 minutes from Burjman metro station and offers a full range of massage, therapies with Indonesian and Chinese masseuses, Treat yourself to a fully satisfying experience Open 11am to 3am 150 per hour. Special Introductory offer Earlybird discount available before 6pm if you bring copy of this Advertidsement, thanks.Is this still available? Is it in Moon Hotel? I'm assuming extras are on the cards otherwise it would not be posted here, is there extra charges and whats available? Anyone been yet? Kabul Guy 09-12-12, 13:01 Is this still available? Is it in Moon Hotel? I'm assuming extras are on the cards otherwise it would not be posted here, is there extra charges and whats available? Anyone been yet?Been there twice, see reports. First time great, next time not so good. Most likely will not return. ThanABaby 09-13-12, 19:13 Hello dear, How are you? I know you are doing great. My names is THANA, RABAB. I am 23 yrs single. I am a young and beautiful girl. I derived interest in you when I saw. Your profile here. I will send you my photos when I hear from you. So please you can reach me here, [Email address deleted by Admin] Love from me, Thana. EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited to remove email addresses in the text. Please do not post email addresses in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! Bombs 09-21-12, 10:11 So are you coming to Abu Dhabi at all? If so, which days? Just to let you know that I am visiting Dubai on the 28th September for 10 days I'm a well established British born mixed race escort with over 100+++ photos videos and reviews so you can be sure I am 100 percent genuine and not a fake I'm hoping to meet genuine gents for mutual fun and games while I'm in Dubai and if anyone wants to be a tour guide for me while I'm here please let me know its my Whatever you think I might enjoy let me know. I offer a full personal passionate service along with owo cim massage striptease toyshow uniforms and more My website. www.bristolebonyescort.co.uk VIDEOS On Holiday in the Maldives earlier this year. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRrmA6zJi5w You can Touch Me Kiss Me & Fuck Me But You Need To Call Me. I am a member on ISG so you can email direct Saule 10-12-12, 07:00 I am a highly educated, professional, Central Asian woman (From Kazakhstan) and I travel often in connection with my real job. I will be visiting Dubai for meetings towards the end of October (17th / 23rd) and I am sure to find time for my horny hobby. I speak fluent English and I love my sexy hobby as a part time escort and sexual adventuress. But, I must say that I am choosey about the men I spend time with and they really need to be clean, kind and nice to be with. I have always loved sex and I really enjoy seeing and feeling a guy or a girl cumming for me, and with me. I will wear anything you want me to wear (Although most people love my stockings and short skirts with high boots or stilettos) , and I can be anybody you want me to be for our time together. Oh, and we can have sex almost anywhere you want. Where and how you want to cum is entirely up to you. In my mouth, my pussy, my fingers or on my stockings or face. I just love it all. So, if you are going to be around in Dubai towards the end of October, or you want me to travel elsewhere, just get in touch with me and I will be happy to give you the cum of a lifetime. But, please remember that I do this because I really enjoy it and I need to cum too, so when we are together, please be a gentleman and make me cum too. I cum very, very quickly and loudly and often many times. So please do help. If you are travelling a lot and can not get much spare time, or maybe you are just very busy, perhaps you would like to have a really sexy time and cum with me on Skype. It is easy and if you PM me at ISG I will send you my Skype address. But, whatever it is you want, please feel free to just get in touch and let me know. I like to please and the answer is rarely 'No'. SmokeAter 10-23-12, 13:17 Would be useful if you had some pictures? Hello, Guys, My name is Susan, I am an independent Asian escort girl currently based in Dubai. I am 20 years old and a part-time swimming costume model, cute and very sweet. I have been told that I am an angel on the outside, but all devil on the inside. Yes, I am a bad girl who loves to play and I want to show you the guilty pleasure that the Sin City has to offer. I provide discreet professional escort service with the ultimate aim of providing you with entertainment, excitement, fun and a high degree of satisfaction. . For more info, please visit my personal website or call me: www.darlingsusan.com Tel: +971-50-350 1995. Email:susan.dxb@gmail.com Hope to see you soon. . Kisses, Susan xxx Atillavista 10-25-12, 11:24 I almost can not be bothered to reply but I am a feisty ENGLISH lady so can't help myself! I do not need luck hun, my age, real pics and reviews work just fine in Dubai. Thanks anyway.Sound like one of those middle aged women that hang on at the pubs smoking and drinking away their loneliness. Misha Rastov 10-25-12, 17:35 Sound like one of those middle aged women that hang on at the pubs smoking and drinking away their loneliness.Says the new kid on the block. I've met her (not professionally) and I can assure you that she's the real deal and making a very good living in the UAE. Sexy Jessica 11-09-12, 14:23 Hi guys, I am international multilingual high class fetish model, I will be touring Dubai 30nov. 9dec 2012. My phone: +971 56 771 4905, contact me on. http://www.sexyjessica.eu *BIZARRLADY JESSICA WELL KNOWN FROM FemDom-AUSTRIA MOVIE PRODUCTION* *Well known from austrian magazine ÖKM* *BEST MISTRESS 2010 (award given in Germany, see my website for more details) * I'm a typical Gemini with a dual personality and have the ability to change the mood with ease. If you wish an entertaining, sophisticated and well-educated lady, who can escort you on refined evening engagements, then I'm for you. Or maybe you want a dominating Mistress? If so then I'll ensure all your fantasies are totally fulfilled. Maybe you like a mixture of both. Never knowing who will turn up! I'm a sexy Dominant Mistress who offers Domination. I'm a woman with curves in all the right places. When I'm dressed in your favourite PVC or rubber, you'll wonder why you hesitated! Body worship and mild domination are my speciality, but I also love to explore unusual fetishes and strange cravings. I love boys who love toys. Strap-ons and vibrators are orgasmic in my hands. Why not experiment with someone who respects your desires? If you're intrigued by the idea of serving a Mistress and wish to explore the possibility of giving your devotion to Me, then you can come to Me to learn more. Do you simply wish to be humiliated? Easily done. I am a Genuine girl who you will find Friendly and very Approachable, I am Passionate and Adventurous and very open minded. I am a good conversationalist but also a very good listener. I am Non Judgmental and I am here to provide you with the service and companionship you desire. I value and respect your time, effort and investment in me and I will do my utmost to provide you with an exceptional experience. I am reliable and I ensure client discretion. I have been told on numerous occasions that I am such a Tease but well I do like to take my time and savour every part of your body I want to arouse not just one part of your body but your senses too When you are in my company I am devoted to your every desire and you will have me 100, I genuinely enjoy meeting new people from all walks of life and I so enjoy the many different forms of Sex, Fantasy and Role play. I have a vivid imagination and I am not scared to use it. So be warned rofl. I enjoy a variety of things but I love to inflict pain. I get a great deal of pleasure from seeing you squirm under my control, I have been told I am one of the most sadistic girls around when in this role, but one who is captivating and has a sensual side. IN THIS ROLE YOU WILL ADDRESS ME AS MISTRESS-MYSTIQUE. NOW KNEEL BEFOR YOUR NEW MISTRESS! WHAT MORE COULD YOU WANT BUT TO HAND CONTROL OVER TO ME A GODDESS BLESSED WITH BEAUTY, CHARM AND A WICKED STREAK. * * B * *EAUTIFULL. * * I * *NDIVIIDUAL. * * T * *HAT. * * C * *AUSES. * * H * *ARDONS. SO. BE WARNED I MAY JUST USE IT AND NOT ALWAYS IN A WAY YOU WILL APPRECIATE. NOW COME AND SERVE ME. In Dubai 30november-9 December 2012. My Website: http://www.sexyjessica.eu My MovieClip: http://www.bizarrlady-jessica.com/promo/197.wmv My Movies (member website) : http://www.affiliate-cash.de/kunden.php?nummer=909901679&progid=28856 IranianPleasur 12-12-12, 09:55 Erotic IRANIAN & TURKISH Escort Models in Dubai +919680477407. FATMA age 20 years old brest 38, Height 170 cm, Weight 54 kg, from TURKEY Speak ARABIC, IRANIAN, TURKISH & ENGLISH. LAYLA age 22 years old brest 40, Height 170 cm, Weight 56 kg, from IRAN Speak IRANIAN, TURKISH & ENGLISH. AZODA age 23 years old brest 40, Height 165 cm, Weight 56 kg, from TURKEY Speak ARABIC, IRANIAN, TURKISH & ENGLISH. (100% real & recent photos)! 100% independent. Nice and clean girls. Available for in & out calls. The real deal! No Fakes here guys! Smiles are Warm and Welcoming as our Personalitys. LOCATION: (INCALL) +919680477407 (JOHN) Hotel Holiday Inn (formerly Excelsior Creek Hotel) Embassy District. Bur Dubai. Near Burjuman Shopping Centre, Al Hamriya Khaleed Bin Waleed Road2. Come near my place & call or sms me. For outcall text me or sms me your address hotel name, room number, area, girl name with time, she will come within an hour after your SMS. (try to arrange a room in richmond hotel, ibis, pullman hotel, shengrilla, city max, carlton, metro politan, or crown plaza etc) CHARGES: 1HR INCALL 700AED OUTCALL 1200AED. 2HRS INCALL 1200AED OUTCALL 1700AED. FULLNIGHT INCALL 2500AED OUTCALL 3000AED. (FIXED RATES, NO NEGOTIATION) SERVICES: COMPLETE PACKAGE EVERYTHING. SERVICES TILL SATISFACTION. NO AN. AL. SESSION: 1 hr = 2 time. 2 hrs = 3 time. Night = depend on you. + massage. NEED FROM U: Your goodname: Nationality: Age: Contact details: Address (if outcall) : Start from : 10 am till next morning 2 am. Overnight from 10pm till 8 am. Call me between morning 10am to late night 12am. For Arab guys strictly no incall, only outcall. Evrything with con-dom only. No an. Al sax at all. Call only from Dubai local number no block calls. WEBSITE: www.iranianpleasure.********.com ExpatNLookin 12-24-12, 20:18 For Arab guys strictly no incall, only outcall.Even escorts now discriminate against Arabs. ROFLOL! EscortGirlTour 01-10-13, 23:56 Alena and Olya Ukrainian girls in Dubai till 10/02/2013 incall 4 star hotel sheihk zayed road and outcall services. Full services Anal+400Aed, duo, domination. Incall prices. 1hour-1800aed. 2hours-2800aed. 3hours-3800aed. Escort-girl-tour. Com ExoticEscorts 01-29-13, 08:37 [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove personal telephone numbers. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! BraveBoy79 01-29-13, 13:33 HEY. How can I contact you dear? There is no email address in your message. Do you have a website? Hello dear, How are you? I know you are doing great. My names is THANA, RABAB. I am 23 yrs single. I am a young and beautiful girl. I derived interest in you when I saw. Your profile here. I will send you my photos when I hear from you. So please you can reach me here, [Email address deleted by Admin] Love from me, Thana. EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited to remove email addresses in the text. Please do not post email addresses in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! IranianPleasur 01-30-13, 16:28 [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove personal telephone numbers. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! IranianPleasur 01-30-13, 16:39 * Stunning iranian & turkish escorts in Dubai * Layla age 22 years old brest 40, height 170 cm, weight 56 kg, from iran speak iranian, turkish & english. Fatma age 20 years old brest 38, height 170 cm, weight 54 kg, from turkey speak arabic, iranian, turkish & english. Karina age 23 years old brest 40, height 168 cm, weight 58 kg, from iran speak iranian & english. Sheyha age 24 years old breast 40, height 168 cm, weight 55 kg, from turkey speak english, turkish & little arabic. Sherina age 20 years old breast 38, height 166 cm, weight 55 kg, from turkey speak english & turkish. Habiba age 20 years old breast 38, height 169 cm, weight 53 kg, from turkey speak english & turkish. (100% real & recent photos)! 100% independent. Nice and clean girls. Available for in & out calls. The real deal! No fakes here guys! Smiles are warm and welcoming as our personalitys. Incall location: [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] Come near hotel holiday inn, Opp. Burjuman shopping center, burdubai. And call or sms me. For outcall text me or sms me your address hotel name, room number, area, girl name with time, she will come within an hour after your sms (try to arrange a room in richmond hotel, ibis, pullman hotel, shengrilla, city max, carlton, metro politan, or crown plaza etc) Charges: (fixed rates, no negotiation) 1hr incall 700aed outcall 1200aed. 2hrs incall 1200aed outcall 1700aed. Fullnight incall 2500aed outcall 3000aed. Services: Services till satisfaction. No an. Al sax at all. Session: 1 hr = 2 time. 2 hrs = 3 time. Night = depend on you. + massage. Need from you: Your name & nationality: Contact details: Address (if outcall) : Start from : 10 am till next morning 2 am. Overnight from 10pm till 8 am. For arab guys strictly no incall, only outcall. Evrything with con-dom only. Email: Website: http://iranianpleasure.********.com EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove personal telephone numbers. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! LuxeGirls 01-30-13, 17:28 sandra and rosa! rosa. nationality: ukrainian. age: 27 height: 172cm weight: 58kg hair: blonde eyes: green measurements: 90-60-90cm bust size: d (4) natural speaking languages: english fluently, ukrainian fluently. extra services: owc, cob, role play, boobs sex, swallow, foot fetish, gfe, hj, pip show. sandra. nationality: russian. age: 27. height: 174cm weight: 54kg hair: brown eyes: blue measurements: 115-60-95cm. bust size: d (4) natural. speaking languages: english fluently, russian fluently. extra services: a-level +500aed, owc, cob, cif, role play: role-playing games, boobs sex, cunnilingus, light domination, foot fetish, pip-show, prostate massage, domination, [CodeWord103] (http://isgprohibitedwords.info?CodeWord=CodeWord103), bisexual, fisting, wom-building: vagina's muscles, hj. 1 hour 1 girl. 2000aed. for booking call or sms: +7981-860-4555. the site of the agency is http://www.luxe-girls.com/ our blog to open in dubai http://www.dbx-girls.********.ru/ DubaiAngels 02-14-13, 20:45 Dear members of the site, We are launching a new escort directory in Dubai. We will use only verified profiles. We are planning to invite only good and friendly escorts in our site. We will have arabic, Indian and pakistani escorts where you can't find these nationality escorts normally on other directory. Please visit our site https://dubaiangels.com For photos and contact details of the escorts. Please copy paste with https:// Thanks. John Webmaster DubaiAngels 02-14-13, 20:47 Hi, I have had a horrible experience last week when I have decided to book an escort via Dubai Independent website (verified one). Unfortunately the girl that was in the picture is completely different than the web site. Please be aware and save your time. Your money is save as you can just drop the meeting. I hope I have added some valuable information to you guys. Enjoy!Now she use different photos and different name. Posh Dubai 02-18-13, 15:40 Hi, Please visit www.posh-dubai-escorts.com For 100% American, British or European ladies only. We are the most exclusive, well reviewed agency in Dubai. LuxeGirls 02-19-13, 22:54 [Deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove references to Transvestites/Transsexuals/SheMales. As provided in the Forum's Posting Guideline, members may not discuss Transvestites / Transsexuals / SheMales. Please read the Forum's Posting Guidelines for further information. Thanks! LuxeGirls 02-19-13, 23:14 [Deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove references to Transvestites/Transsexuals/SheMales. As provided in the Forum's Posting Guideline, members may not discuss Transvestites / Transsexuals / SheMales. Please read the Forum's Posting Guidelines for further information. Thanks! BelleSweden 03-01-13, 21:56 I am a 22 years old High Class sexy blonde bombshell escort who are looking for a high class escort agency. I am a gorgeous, sophisticated young lady, very feminine, sexy and elegant, I am a perfect lady to accompany you to dinner filled with soft, sensual, slow seduction or share some explosively hot private time with you. If you are interested in working with me, please send inquiries. Model website with pictures: http://www.modelmayhem.com/jenniferbjorklund Xx Jen LadyInDubai 03-03-13, 13:35 Looking for a different erotic experience? *Independent High Class escort & masseuse based in Dubai* I am a REAL intellectual GIRL with a naughty side. You WILL LOVE IT. Short introduction: I am a young lady originally from Poland who has been living in Dubai since 2008. As a part-time hobby, I offer sensual massage to gentlemen of all nationalities and ages. The most important thing is your desire to relax and have fun! Work In Detail: *An intense release for deep stress & anxiety*.90minutes. A full body massage, using special oils. Body to body massage followed by oral play and full Girlfriend experience. This session can take place in my apartment where you will be welcomed by relaxing atmosphere or in your hotel suite / home. Cost of this session is 3000aed. Tell me what you need! Allow me to please you in as many ways as possible. This is your time of relaxation and enjoyment. *A trip to Freedom*.3 hours. Forget your daily life and create a mini holiday with me. Discover my body! Have fun! After you will have a feeling of being renewed and ready to start again. Why not? This is your chance to try something new! Cost of this session is 4000aed. Types of massages offered: Regular massage to relax your muscles. Nuru massage. Tantra erotic massage. Prostate massage. All the sessions are of the highest standard and totally high class. I am also open to all kinds of role play (please let me know your fantasy!) , Fetishes, Light domination, A-level (anal play). I like to dress sexy when meeting you. Incall in my hotel or Outcall to your hotel or residence. In case you like to make a faster contact, please send me a text message on my personal mobile [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] with a few words about yourself. And what kind of meeting you like. Please note that due to my studies, I am not able to pick up your call unless arranged in advance, so please TEXT MESSAGE ONLY. EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove personal telephone numbers. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! Big Daddy 1906 03-05-13, 22:29 Looking for a different erotic experience? *Independent High Class escort & masseuse based in Dubai* I am a REAL intellectual GIRL with a naughty side. You WILL LOVE IT. Short introduction: I am a young lady originally from Poland who has been living in Dubai since 2008. As a part-time hobby, I offer sensual massage to gentlemen of all nationalities and ages. The most important thing is your desire to relax and have fun! Work In Detail: *An intense release for deep stress & anxiety. 90minutes. A full body massage, using special oils. Body to body massage followed by oral play and full Girlfriend experience. This session can take place in my apartment where you will be welcomed by relaxing atmosphere or in your hotel suite / home. Cost of this session is 3000aed. Tell me what you need! Allow me to please you in as many ways as possible. This is your time of relaxation and enjoyment. *A trip to Freedom. 3 hours. Forget your daily life and create a mini holiday with me. Discover my body! Have fun! After you will have a feeling of being renewed and ready to start again. Why not? This is your chance to try something new! Cost of this session is 4000aed. Types of massages offered: Regular massage to relax your muscles. Nuru massage. Tantra erotic massage. Prostate massage. All the sessions are of the highest standard and totally high class. I am also open to all kinds of role play (please let me know your fantasy!) , Fetishes, Light domination, A-level (anal play). I like to dress sexy when meeting you. Incall in my hotel or Outcall to your hotel or residence. In case you like to make a faster contact, please send me a text message on my personal mobile [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] With a few words about yourself. And what kind of meeting you like. Please note that due to my studies, I am not able to pick up your call unless arranged in advance, so please TEXT MESSAGE ONLY. EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove personal telephone numbers. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! 4000 AED for three hours? Unless there is platinum between your legs no way three hours is worth that much! For the price you quote, I could have an all night 3-Some with A+ level talent with EVERYTHING on the menu! I guess someone might pay it but they would just reaffirm the adage of a sucker being born every minute! Mad Hatter 03-06-13, 09:33 That ad is by Jane Twain. She created a nuisance of herself in some of the other Dubai pages. Bit of a psycho who lashes out at people when they don't give her a good review. I would avoid her like a plague of flesh eating locusts that excreted acid. 4000 AED for three hours? Unless there is platinum between your legs no way three hours is worth that much! For the price you quote, I could have an all night 3-Some with A+ level talent with EVERYTHING on the menu! I guess someone might pay it but they would just reaffirm the adage of a sucker being born every minute! Cons68 03-06-13, 10:22 While you sir are certainly entitled to avoid flesh-eating acid-excreting locusts, this is indeed a very positive bit of news, for two reasons: -she is posting in the escort section, as she should, and not polluting other forums. -there is only one of them, so this is not an epidemic! How did you spot? BTW if she were in engineering I may be tempted as I have got Spanish, Brazilian, Chinese, Russian and Uzbek engineers (most of them were not WGs) Given the low percentage of females in that trade I consider that a record (my school was roughly 95% male, but that of course was in the last century) But chemistry I will pass. That ad is by Jane Twain. She created a nuisance of herself in some of the other Dubai pages. Bit of a psycho who lashes out at people when they don't give her a good review. I would avoid her like a plague of flesh eating locusts that excreted acid. Misha Rastov 03-06-13, 12:07 How did you spot?The very first picture, the sort of little red riding hood, says Jane Twain. Mo The Pro 03-09-13, 21:50 Gents, Do leave Jane Twain alone now that she's posting in the right section which is also not a place for reviews or commentary as the thread title clearly state. Otherwise, she might go on a rampant again after we were all relieved that her last one is finally over. She has the right to post whatever price she feels she deserves and we have the place (right thread) to state a contrary opinion. Just my 2 cents, or make that my 3 cents. P. S. I would've still took one for the team if I wasn't afraid that I'll never go out of there sane. Mo Sparta 03-25-13, 19:30 4000 AED for three hours? Unless there is platinum between your legs no way three hours is worth that much! For the price you quote, I could have an all night 3-Some with A+ level talent with EVERYTHING on the menu! I guess someone might pay it but they would just reaffirm the adage of a sucker being born every minute!For these kind of prices she better be providing condoms made by Louis Vuitton! Seriously, these prices are largely unfathomable. If you do some math, at 4, 000 AED, this works out to about USD $6 a minute, in any scheme of things you better be well prepared and not let a second get wasted with her (somewhat like being in a boxing ring where every second counts!) or you're just finding unimaginative ways to "donate" your money. Just my 2 cents. This is my very first post. British Escort 04-11-13, 18:34 Hi guys, I am back in Dubai for a while, please click the link below for more details. http://www2.adultwork.com/BritishMature I am staying in a nice 4* hotel apartment near Media City, I offer a relaxed and not rushed time so if your looking for f* suck and go then I am not for you! I prefer to have a drink (soft) and chat before heading to the bedroom. The services I offer are what I enjoy, I am never going to offer anything else and spend our time faking as neither will enjoy. Also I do not take risks with my health and EVERYTHING is with a condom. Yes oral as well! Thankfully there actually are guys that appreciate this and for me, these are the guys I like to see. Xxx British Escort 04-11-13, 21:34 Stick to your guns Nat! I for one, will always pay more for a nice English lass. Would literally kill for a regular here in Morocco. So much so, that after a few weeks here, any British person I meet gets a big hug from moi. I mean we can discuss the EPL, Who albums etc ad infinitum. What can I talk about with an Arab girl. The price of a fucking camel. Or with a Russian. The price of a Berkin bag or other EXPENSIVE fashion item. And I know the Arabs love the premium ass that is provided by the British. Not everyone can afford the higher rates but please keep advertising here as you are more than welcome. The whole idea of a forum of this kind is to GET AND PROVIDE information. If you are ever in Morocco send us a PM message and we can take you out and show you a good timeBit of a delayed reply as I keep forgetting about this site! Thank you for your kind words, I have done a bit of research and it would seem that it is a bit of a no no doing what I do over there. That is if the info given to me was correct. Love to travel though so maybe I will broaden my horizons! Nat. Xxx British Escort 04-13-13, 19:09 Hi guys, I am back in Dubai for a while, please click the link below for more details. http://www2.adultwork.com/BritishMature http://www.adultwork.com/BritishMature I am staying in a nice 4* hotel apartment near Media City, I offer a relaxed and not rushed time so if your looking for f* suck and go then I am not for you! I prefer to have a drink (soft) and chat before heading to the bedroom. The services I offer are what I enjoy, I am never going to offer anything else and spend our time faking as neither will enjoy. Also I do not take risks with my health and EVERYTHING is with a condom. Yes oral as well! Thankfully there actually are guys that appreciate this and for me, these are the guys I like to see. XxxSorry the site link I posted has changed, the site was brought down but seems to be ok for now. Xxx LuxeGirls 05-13-13, 12:13 About Ukrainian Eleonora: Age: 21. Height: 171. Weight: 55. Hair: blonde. Eyes: brown. Measurements: 90-60-88. Bust size: 2. Services: classical sex with different positions, COB, OWC. Extra pay: A-level, CIM. Eleonora is available in 5 stars hotel incall in Dubai on ShZR, outcall you pay +200aed. Look full profile of Eleonora: http://www.luxe-girls.com/models.php?id=167 Assad76 05-14-13, 08:56 Sorry the site link I posted has changed, the site was brought down but seems to be ok for now. XxxBoth links are not working? Are you Blondie or one of her friends? AgencyAtlantic 05-17-13, 15:15 Agency Atlantic is an elite escort agency with ladies in all areas of the globe. We currently have several ladies visiting Dubai: Vanessa. Stunning brunette, model looks, sweet natured and very sexy. Enjoys owo, cim and more. Also loves fun with couples and duos. This is her last day in Dubai so call quick to book! http://www.agencyatlantic.com/profile/vanessa/146 Summer. Bright and bubbly English babe in Dubai until 20th so hurry and make your booking! Busty, seductive and loves lots of very naughty pleasures and always has excellent feedback. This woman knows exactly how to please! http://www.agencyatlantic.com/profile/summer/203 Call us to book either of these beauties in Dubai, Sheikh Zayed Road. CassieYoung 05-30-13, 11:46 Hi gentlemen, I am available for incall in Tecom or outcall provided you pay my taxi. Here are my photos. They are real. I will post pictures of my sister in my next post. Find more details on my website. http://cassieyoungdxb.wix.com/cassiedxb Thanks, looking forward to hearing from you. Xxxxxx CassieYoung 05-30-13, 11:51 Hi guys, Here is the information for my sister. She is also with me in Tecom for incall. We are both available for outcall. Her website is. http://ritachungdxb.wix.com/ritadxb Her contact details etc can be found there. Saule 06-08-13, 11:07 Hi everybody, I will be passing through Dubai again for a day in late June on my way to a meeting. I am not sure of the exact date yet but it wil be a working day, not a weekend. That is for sure. Lunch time or afternoon sexy fun could be a VERY good idea, or maybe even early evening, but a later or 'all night' appointment will not be possible unless somebody was going to be very generous (Hotel costs). When I know the exact dates I will post them here. Kisses, Saule BlacknBusty 06-16-13, 10:55 Visting Dubai This Weekend For 10 days or so. Genuine British Born Mixed Race Escort ParisB. Excellent reviews from Ireland Uk & Australia. Photos Videos Verified on many sites both in Dubai and UK. Ireland & Australia. Please drop me an email or sms if you would like to see me when I arrive. Javiera5 07-01-13, 07:17 Even sexier in person. A Sweet treat you've been craving. Experience a 1 of A Kind Rendezvous With your Favorite Highly Recommended, I am mixed Spanish, white and African American Companion with a rare combination of striking beauty & intelligence that you will not soon forget with an intoxicating feminine scent. I'm not just a pretty face though, my naturally sweet and sensual personality will make our time together one of a kind. Javiera Baldur http://noodlescurry.bl0gsp0t.com/ SGEscorts 07-14-13, 10:21 Come tour Singapore with our pretty and sexy Escorts, pick up from Singapore Airport possible, ensure your trip a memorable experience =) Brought to you by : Your One-Stop Station for Singapore Social Escorts. Contact. Website : www.yoursingaporeescorts.com IranianPleasur 07-18-13, 15:02 New Arrival Real Iranian and Turkish VIP Escort in Dubai Incall: +919680477407/+919987336749 (CALL OR SMS) Come Near First Gulf Bank, Opp. Burjuman Shopping Center, Banks Street, Khalid Bin Walid Road, Burdubai and call or sms me. Samira Iranian age 19 brest 38 tall 167cm weight 52kg speak Irani, Turkey & English. Aisha Turkish age 20 brest 40 tall 167cm weight 54kg speak Turkey & English. Sabina Turkish age 19 breast 38 tall 167cm weight 49kg speak Turkey & English. Charges: (fixed rates, no negotiation) 1hr incall 700aed outcall 1200aed. 2hrs incall 1200aed outcall 1700aed. Fullnight incall 2500aed outcall 3000aed. Outcall text / sms me your hotel name, room number, area, girl name with time, she will come within an hour after your sms. Services: Till satisfaction No an. Al sax at all. Everything with con-dom only. Session: 1 hr = 2 time. 2 hrs = 4 time. Overnight from 10pm till 8 am. + massage. For Arab guys strictly no incall, only outcall. Need from you: Your name & nationality: Contact detail: Address (if outcall) : Email: iranianpleasureatgmail. Com DubaiSexDotCom 08-01-13, 17:10 Thanks for having us InternationalSexGuide- We would like to announce the official grand opening of http://DubaiSex.com. The all new adult classified for Dubai & the UAE. We are currently seeking escorts, clients, and reviews of our post, and constructive criticism to help us grow. We hope to be able to accommodate all in the UAE region. Thanks in advance for the opportunity, Sean L33. http://DubaiSex.com Cons68 08-03-13, 16:31 Fakes. Avoid. Thanks for having us InternationalSexGuide- We would like to announce the official grand opening of. http://DubaiSex.com The all new adult classified for Dubai & the UAE. We are currently seeking escorts, clients, and reviews of our post, and constructive criticism to help us grow. We hope to be able to accommodate all in the UAE region. Thanks in advance for the opportunity, Sean L33. http://DubaiSex.com LuxeGirls 08-05-13, 11:55 Hot and sexy girls are available now in Dubai and Abu Dhabi in 5 stars hotels in the center of the cities. Only elite ladies can be in our team. Booking phone: +7911-770-6660. http://www.ego-escort.com/ For girls: if you want to cooperate with us, please, e-mail from the site. Khloe 08-11-13, 12:56 We currently are hiring new escorts to be part of our team at posh-Dubai-escorts. Com We already have 4 amazing models. Khloe, Lina, Ana Clara and Ami. We are Dubai's #1 high class escort agency. We are always considering new VIP companions, but only a small percentage of ladies are ever invited to be a part of our agency. Bc we are based solely on quality, not quantity. Applications submitted without pictures will not be considered. &8232; Upon acceptance of your photos and application, you must then conduct a Skype interview in order to become a part of our team. Furthermore your application will be rejected if you are less than 21 years of age, if you are under any form of distress, if you have mental health problems, if you are alcohol or drug addicted, or if you hop from agency to agency. If you do not have professional photos we can use solely on this site, do not apply. If you send fake photos, your application will be disregarded and you will be permanently banned. All successful models work hard and are extremely grateful to be a part of our team. If you are lazy with a [CodeWord140] (http://isgprohibitedwords.info?CodeWord=CodeWord140) poor attitude, slovenly and show up late to appointments, or you are a natural complainer, please apply to another agency. Provide the following G Contact Details * Nationality. * Phone Number. * Do you have blackberry messenger or whatsapp? * How many days can you work? * How many jobs do you want per day? * What is your availability? * Academic Qualifications *; Academic field and / or Current Occupation. * Height *; Weight * &8232; &8232; &8232; Bust * ; Hair Color * Hips. * Cup Size. * Waist. * Where is your incall location? Do you do outcall and incall? * Skin Tone. * Any piercings or Tattoos? * Sexual Orientation Khloe 08-11-13, 13:12 Offering. The classic 'girlfriend experience' is the norm. This includes flirting, foreplay, kissing, and an extended sexual encounter. Things beyond this might be possible, but you'll still want to confirm anything ahead of time because everyone has limits. Located in a downtown luxury area and in the Marina area. American Khloe is well reviewed on The Erotic Review: Her another site ID is 185151. Lina is also well reviewed and offers stellar services. 1 hour incall 2000 and outcall 2500. Rates are fixed. It is a high class escort agency only. Light screening of the client is needed. Ethnicity, place of work, education, referrals if Arab etc. [Telephone Number deleted by Admin] EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove personal telephone numbers. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! Khloe 08-12-13, 02:39 Apologies, typo. LuxeGirls 08-12-13, 12:41 Hello, we are Dubai escort agency with real girls. We use only real photos! The best VIP elite and sexy ladies are for you! Booking +7981-860-4555. Accompaniment Linda 24 yo: OWC oral without condom +100aed, Lesbian Show with her girlfriend (Double price) , Massage (including in the price) , Role Play, Extra ball (including in the price if you pay full cost without any discounts) , Pip show (including in the price) , COB cum on body +100aed, CIF  cum in face +500aed, CIM  cum in mouth +500aed. Weight 54, Height 170, bust C (3) Price for 1 h-2000aed. Location: 5 stars hotel. Look all girls at our site: http://www.luxe-girls.com/ LuxeGirls 08-18-13, 19:47 Nancy. New escort girl in Dubai. Nationality: Ukrainian. Age: 20. Height: 168cm. Weight: 62kg. Hair: blonde. Eyes: chestnut. Measurements: 88-61-90cm. Bust size: B (2) Speaking languages: English fluently. Rates: 1hour. 2000aed. 2hours. 3500aed, 3hours. 5000aed, Full night 7hours  8000aed. Extra services: Anal +500aed, CIF +300aed, french kissing, erotical massage, shower together, foot fetish. Toys: Strapon (Light Domination) Location: Al Barsha, Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, UAE. http://www.luxe-girls.com/ Booking: +7981-860-4555 DJfaaz777 08-25-13, 10:05 Hi Zaapp, I have gone to their apartment at Burdubai, its a old building not bad but trust me not value for money. If very much interested negotiate for 400 for 500. I tried another girl which is not in the picture I guess she left. Give a shot bro. New Arrival Real Iranian and Turkish VIP Escort in Dubai. Incall: +919680477407/+919987336749 (CALL OR SMS) Come Near First Gulf Bank, Opp. Burjuman Shopping Center, Banks Street, Khalid Bin Walid Road, Burdubai and call or sms me. Samira Iranian age 19 brest 38 tall 167cm weight 52kg speak Irani, Turkey & English. Aisha Turkish age 20 brest 40 tall 167cm weight 54kg speak Turkey & English. Sabina Turkish age 19 breast 38 tall 167cm weight 49kg speak Turkey & English. Charges: (fixed rates, no negotiation)... Tracy1983 09-27-13, 18:30 hi boys, i'm jenny, as soon as you meet me you will want to bed me. with my soft lips soft skin i'm a tall elegant and sensual oriental beauty. i'm open minded and anything goes. i also have a group of girlfriends if you need more help and fun. service include. gfe, cum on face, dildo play / toys, blowjob with or without condom, ball licking and sucking, masturbating, foot fetish, [CodeWord103] (http://isgprohibitedwords.info?CodeWord=CodeWord103), spanking. we provide incall or outcall services. call me :zero five two eight five four one four five six. see you soon, xx. Tracy1983 09-27-13, 19:39 hi i'm jenny. i'm sexy and horny and will be all that you desire. i'm slim tall and sensual with soft lips, soft skin and long dark hair. an oriental beauty. i also have friends who can join me if you need more help in the bedroom. services offered. gfe, cum on face, blow job without condom, dirty talk, ball sucking and licking, foot fetish, masturbation and toy play, [CodeWord103] (http://isgprohibitedwords.info?CodeWord=CodeWord103). in call or out call, please call this :zero five two seven five five two one nine six. see you soon! xx Will Smith69 10-02-13, 16:41 Wow. Long time ago that I see so bad made photoshopped pictures. Sorry Oksana: http://www.luxe-dolls.com/dubai-escort-uae/sexy-girls/anal/oksana Services: classical sex with condom 1h-2000aed, anal+500aed, domination, adult toys from sex shop. Booking phone +7981-860-4555 (viber, whatsApp, chaton to contact free) Joe Karnavic 10-02-13, 23:04 Oksana: http://www.luxe-dolls.com/dubai-escort-uae/sexy-girls/anal/oksana Services: classical sex with condom 1h-2000aed, anal+500aed, domination, adult toys from sex shop. Booking phone +7981-860-4555 (viber, whatsApp, chaton to contact free) Be careful LuxiGirls. Travellers to Dubai have reported scams in international press about fake photos by all you girls in escort services. LE is taking serious view of this. Though the things are sort of illegal here but they are worried about Dubai's reputation as tourist destination. Either they will come after you or put some kind of restriction or else. BabyGirl123 10-03-13, 12:20 Pretty, tall, young and fresh lady European girl here to serve you. Just new in the scene. I am friendly, fun & very playful, and pretty, passionate & always sensual. Prepare yourself for a sensual experience like you have never had before. Everyone needs to feel special. If you have ever fanasized about the ultimate erotic experience I can make your dreams and fantasies come true-let me help you to realiz your passions. Sensual, seductive, sophisticated, erotic, skin of silk, NATURAL BIG BOOBS. Beutiful eyes and the body of a Goddess. Blowjob with CONDOM, 69, Sex in Different Positions, Dirtytalk, Tantric Sensual Massage, Lingerie, Masturbate, Pornstar, Striptease / Lapdance, Cum on Body, Girlfriend Experience (GFE) , Kissing on Body. For details CALL ME NOW 0509034461 You won't regret it. Massage2013 10-07-13, 00:07 I am Anelia open minded, optimistic, decent, honest, My skin is soft. I'm nice in the face and small in the waist. Like a woman should be. I live healthy, go to gym regularly, and that is why you will see a tight, tanned curvy body. I smell good, non-smoker. I am well cultured and have good manners. Fun and lovable. Find me. You will happy! 0503381259 Horatio Kane 10-07-13, 17:31 sex and oral with condom, peep show, hot lesbian show, rep002 active, foot fetish, cock between boobs. 69, cunnilingus, anilingus, massage, light domination, deep oral, rpgs. 100% real photos, verified by luxe dolls agency. booking +79-818-605-555. look available girls in dubai now: http://www.luxe-dolls.com/dubai-escort-uaewould so love this to be true. why do they even bother? Cons68 10-08-13, 05:30 Would so love this to be true. Why do they even bother?Like with real estate here, they are not targeting YOU. They go for the next wave of "I am different" thinking idiots. You could try your luck with any if the Cubans in craiglist too. BTW, if you bothe reading back you will see a few posts about the +7 providers sharing contacts with other business Khloe 10-15-13, 03:04 owo, peep show, full service, analrep002 active, foot fetish, cock between boobs. 69, cunnilingus, anilingus, massage, light domination, deep oral, gfe, ppse, dinner dates, high class luxury services. 100% real photos, verified. posh models international. dubai's number 1 elite high class escort agency. www.posh-dubai-escorts.com LuxeGirls 12-08-13, 02:46 Be careful LuxiGirls. Travellers to Dubai have reported scams in international press about fake photos by all you girls in escort services. LE is taking serious view of this. Though the things are sort of illegal here but they are worried about Dubai's reputation as tourist destination. Either they will come after you or put some kind of restriction or else.Usually we see only bad news everywhere, because this is more interesting, more attractive and more discussible. If you are somewhere heard, it is not necessarily true. The fact: the photos of Oksana are real. You splurge that somewhere someone heard that somewhere someone saw. Come yourself to make sure and see that all the pictures are real and genuine. And I beg you not to lie. If you have 2000aed, welcome to real escort, if you have not money to go to elite escort, this is not problem of Oksana, don't lie about her. AAA Hunter 12-12-13, 03:50 Hello, dear nice gentlemen! Look elite Russian girls. They are available for dating in elite hotels on Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai. 1h-2000aed, Sex, massage, OWC, Different Positions, extra ball. http://www.ego-escort.com/ For booking call or sms +7911-770-6660 (Viber and WhatsApp also working) With love, my dear nice gentlemen!Is Madlen the famed pornstar Aria Giovanni? Is she available is Dubai right nor? Roselady Asian 12-21-13, 21:38 Hi, My name is Elena. 24yo. 34D and nice body. My photos are real. They are not photoshopped nor are they photos of a model or movie star. I am not trying to deceive you into believing that I am somebody that I am not. I have had full training in both Asian massage. I provide: Anal sex, CIM (come in mouth) , Massage, OWO (Oral w / o condom) , Sex toys (Come on body) , Deep throat, Face sitting, Fingering, Foot fetish, French kissing, GFE, Massage, Oral sex (blowjob). I love my job and I will make you happy when we play together. Call me on: 0502178823 anytime. Thank you LuxeGirls 01-07-14, 22:34 elite busty abu dhabi escort girl elena is available from 10th of january only for some days. location: elite 5 stars hotel. nationality: russian. age: 28. height: 178cm weight: 60kg hair: blonde eyes: blue. measurements: 102-69-109cm. bust size: 36dd natural. speaking languages: english fluently. girlfriends: along. services: sex with condom, owc, cob, cif, boobs sex, foot fetish, prostate massage, [CodeWord103] (http://isgprohibitedwords.info?CodeWord=CodeWord103), hj, pip show. 100% real photos! you will meet the girl from the photos, not any other! book elena via +7981-860-4555 (sms, call, whatsapp, viber, chaton) full information about abu dhabi escorts: http://www.luxe-dolls.com/abu-dhabi-escorts-uae elite dating only for nice gentelmen! with love, your busty escort girl elena. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
Register Help Remember Me? Front Page Forum Today's Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links View Site Leaders Who's Online What's New? Photo Gallery Abbreviations Advanced Search Forum The Middle East United Arab Emirates Escort Classified Ads - Posted by Escorts - No Reviews or Commentary If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Thread: Escort Classified Ads - Posted by Escorts - No Reviews or Commentary + Add Report Page 4 of 24 First 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 14 ... Last Jump to page: Results 46 to 60 of 351 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page… Subscribe to this Thread… This forum thread is moderated by Admin 07-24-15 06:31 #306 DubaiEscortBbs View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 20 New agency girls in dubai! https://dubaiescortbabes.com/escort/diana-2/ https://dubaiescortbabes.com/escort/mila-2/ https://dubaiescortbabes.com/escort/lana-3/ https://dubaiescortbabes.com/escort/christy-3/ https://dubaiescortbabes.com/escort/evgeniya/ Reply With Quote 05-25-15 09:56 #305 Shehi View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 13 Don't miss the elite stars of Porn Industry! Check them out! Sandra Romain xxx Star, the Queen of Anal is Now available in Dubai. Alice Romain xxx Star. Big busty Jasmine Black xxx Star. Alison Star xxx Star. Contact: 00447452034752 sms / call; whatsapp available. Reply With Quote 05-10-15 14:12 #304 KatGlamour View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 15 Summer porn actress escorts in Dubai Dear gentleman's I would like to inform you about 4 of the most desired models from the porn industry. Alison Star, Sensual Jane, Jasmine Black, Alice Romain. Available in Dubai. For bookings and more details please contact[Telephone Number deleted by Admin] sms and call (whatsapp also available). EDITOR's NOTE: This report was edited or deleted to remove personal telephone numbers. Please do not post personal telephone numbers in the Forum. Instead, please invite other Forum Members to contact you for this information directly via the Forum's Private Messaging system. Thanks! Attached Thumbnails         Reply With Quote 04-28-15 19:32 #303 Shehi View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 13 New girl, beautiful and first time in Dubai New girl arrived in Dubai, big and natural breasts, ready to satisfy your dreams! Please say Hello to Sophie! Contact: 00447452034752 sms / call; whatsapp available. Attached Thumbnails       Reply With Quote 04-23-15 14:15 #302 DubaiEscortBbs View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 20 Check out Hot Porn Stars in Dubai on Tour right now! Sensual Jane. One of the most popular pornstars from Romania. Blanche. Stunning blonde sexbomb, pornstar escort from Romania. Alison Star. Hot beauty with gorgeous body, famous Hungarian pornstar. Alice. European model girl on tour. Check them out here: http://dubaiescortbabes.com. Attached Thumbnails         Reply With Quote 04-19-15 17:17 #301 KatGlamour View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 15 PornStar Revolution! To end up this terrific month of April we are delighted to let you enjoy some good time with two Stunning Pornstars: Blanche and Sensual Jane! Two magnificent ladies who have no more secrets to disclose no more limits to reach! They will pamper you, care for you, drive you crazy, suck up your strength till the last drop and let you crave for some more! Available in Dubai 21 of April / for bookings 0041797306237 sms and call (whatsapp and viber also available). Attached Thumbnails     Reply With Quote 04-19-15 10:09 #300 Shehi View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 13 New girl, beautiful and young first time in Dubai Dear Valuable clients, we are pleased to announce the arrival in Dubai of a stunning blond siren who goes by the name of "Alice". You will be amazed by her soft and genuine beauty, her sensuality and undercover sexiness. So don't wait too long and let Alice take you discover her "wonderland". Contact: 00447452034752 sms / call, whatsapp available. Book her now! Attached Thumbnails       Reply With Quote 03-24-15 14:38 #299 KatGlamour View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 15 Dear Gentlemen and valuable clients. The hot season is just about to start! In order to to pull you out of your monotonous life at work and home, why not relax and let yourself pampered by our latest arrival of sirens in Dubai! Two of the hottest of our exclusive Pornstars are currently in Dubai for one week! Black Angelika, is an amazing brunette siren who will openly play with you and use all her naughtiness and deviated mind to drive you crazy. Melanie Gold is a gorgeous and voluptuous model; she knows how to relax you and awake your senses. She is hungry for exciting long lasting moments! Don't miss them out! Attached Thumbnails     Reply With Quote 03-23-15 14:24 #298 DubaiEscortBbs View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 20 Stunning Porn Stars in Dubai! Check out Hot Porn Stars in Dubai on Tour right now! Black Angelika. Top Pornstar from Romania. Melanie Gold. New Star from the Adult Industry. Lucy Belle. Hot Beauty with Gorgeous Body. Kelly. Sweet. Mia. High-Class Girl. Check them out here: http://dubaiescortbabes.com. Attached Thumbnails           Reply With Quote 03-21-15 07:48 #297 Shehi View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 13 Don't miss this rare creatures Melanie Gold. A new star rises! Her name is Melanie Gold! She is part of our Exclusive Pornstar Squad. Once you meet her you will feel captivated by her blue eyes and her light red hair, bewitched by her beauty, sensuality and curvy body. Melanie will know how to relax you and awake your senses. She holds deep inside her the secret to infringe all the rules your mind could have set. So let it be driven by this enchanting Companion. Black Angelika. A bombshell just been dropped and the men casualties mount to millions. The name of this natural disaster is "Black Angelika". For those of you who do not know her yet, you should feel ashamed! So far your life had no meaning at all! A sumptuous curvy body, voluptuous breast and ass, long chocolate colored hair and bewitching eyes which will disarm you at first sight! Black Angelika, one of our most exclusive and famous pornstar, just joined the squad and is ready to turn your life upside down, toss on it a huge dose of craziness, mix it with naughtiness and luscious moments, the way that only she knows how to do it, and you will certainly get out of here without remembering your name! Real men, do not dare missing out Black Angelika! For Bookings and more details please Contact: 00447452034752 SmS And Call (Whatsapp and Viber also available). Reply With Quote 03-18-15 01:20 #296 DubaiEscortBbs View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 20 Pornstar legend in Dubai! Angelika Black tour in Dubai! 18 - 31 March! Book now! Reply With Quote 03-01-15 13:12 #295 Shehi View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 13 Young and fresh pornstars in Dubai Dear gentleman's I would like to inform you about 3 of the most desired models from the porn industry. Akasha Cullen. Busty, Curvy, Sultry. That's how we define her! Deeply, Roughly, Wildly. That's how you should do it to her! Akasha is one of a kind, she will blow your mind off, she will suck off your strength out of your body, she will leave you speechless. You better be at her expectations. If this is the case, then wait no more and get into Akasha's world where the sole motto is Passion-Desire-Fantasy. Honey Demon. The name betrays her. Yes, she's sweet, professional and for sure you will not be dissappointed when you will meet her! She is truly a PORNSTAR! Escort in Budapest, Hungary. Kelly White. This blond delicious goddess has recently joined porn industry. The freshness and innocence that breaks out of her when you first look into her eyes, is just an illusion! Kelly is determined, ambitious and generous Lady. She will look after you, make sure to satisfy all your desires and will give the best out of her to make the moment unforgettable for both of you. Despite her young age and recent joining in the industry, she will definitely prove you she was made for this. So let yourself go in the arms of this shining creature. REVIEWS ABOUT KELLY WHITE. For Bookings and more details please contact: 00447452034752 SmS and Call (viber and whatsapp also available). Reply With Quote 03-01-15 10:49 #294 KatGlamour View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 15 Pornstar revolution! Dear Gentlemen and valuable clients, Spring is knocking at your door to bring you the feeling of of a hot and warm breath into your days! Three of our exclusive Pornstar will settle in Dubai for two weeks to make sure your days and especially your nights get hotter and warmer in the Arabian gulf! Kelly white is an amazing blond siren who will disclose to you without boundaries the secrets of Eastern European companionship. Akasha Cullen is a gorgeous and voluptuous model; her motto is naughtiness especially without any limits! Honey Demon doesn't not need to be presented to you! A shining and rising star, she personifies sexiness! If you are looking for an unforgettable moment, she is definitely your "pit stop" to refill your energy. Or to be totally "sucked up". Don't miss them out! Contact: 0041797306237 SMS / Call (whatsapp and viber available). Attached Thumbnails       Reply With Quote 03-01-15 10:07 #293 DubaiEscortBbs View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 20 Xxx star Honey Demon & Akasha Cullen & Kelly White Xxx star Honey Demon upload photo verified! Xxx star Akasha Cullen upload photo verified! Xxx star Kelly White upload photo verified! Book now 00447452034752. https://dubaiescortbabes.com/escort/akasha-cullen/ https://dubaiescortbabes.com/escort/honey-demon-escort/ https://dubaiescortbabes.com/escort/kelly-white-2/ Reply With Quote 02-16-15 17:58 #292 Shehi View Profile View Forum Posts View Articles Regular Member Posts: 13 Just Landed Marina and Crystal amazing models now in Dubai Check this out * Marina 26 years old Stunning Russian Model *N*Misterious Crystal 24 years old Wild Hungarian Model*. Available in Dubai today for gentleman's who are interested to meet and enjoy a great time with two amazing models. For bookings: 0044745203475 SmS and Call (Whatsapp and Viber also available). Attached Thumbnails         Reply With Quote + Add Report Page 4 of 24 First 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 14 ... Last Jump to page: « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Posting Limitations You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is Off HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us International Sex Guide Archive Privacy Statement Top All times are GMT +1. The time now is 00:42. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.1.4 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Website owned by ISG Internet Sales EU UK Office: Unit 8, Watch Oak Business Centre, Chain Lane, Battle, East Sussex, TN33 0GB Copyright ©2000 - 2012 All Rights Reserved Please visit GTBill.com, our authorized sales agent for access to http://internationalsexguide.info To cancel a membership or for customer service, click here 2257 Compliance
girls home Art Artists Books Photography Culture Food & Drink Travel & Nightlife Sports Entertainment Comics Film Gaming TV Design Auto Home Technology Music New Music Festivals Playlists Style Accessories Fashion Grooming Mandatory Pop Culture Funny-Photos Play Living Girls Weird News Videos Search Girls // Sex and Dating Know The Code: Massage Parlors Find your happy ending. by Gary DudakSep 6th, 2012 Massage parlors are tricky. How do you know if the masseuse will offer you a happy ending (if you’re into that sort of thing) when she’s done working out the kinks in your back? You don’t want to ask for something extra only to find yourself thrown out onto the street wearing nothing but a towel. To get to the bottom of this mystery, we asked CJ the Erotic Masseuse to give us all the details and codes to know before you walk in the door of your local massage parlor. SHARE TWEET Contact Advertiser Info Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions AdChoices CraveOnline.com is a property of CraveOnline Media, LLC, an Evolve Media, LLC company. © 2016 All Rights Reserved. NOT IN ANY WAY ASSOCIATED WITH CRAVE ENTERTAINMENT, INC. OR CRAVE MAGAZINE ® monitoring_string = "81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9"monitoring_string = "e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162"monitoring_string = "630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3"monitoring_string = "bf8a6c0d3e406dfcff758c00f8179ae8"
Home Forum Directory About Advertising & Banners FAQ Contact Member Login New & Updated Listings Samantha Houston Indianapolis Escorts Jill Breckenridge Atlanta Escorts Exquisite... Nashville Escorts Amazingly Sexy... Houston Escorts Mina Harker Louisville Escorts Kennedie Monroe Illinois Raina Amore Atlanta Escorts Davina Jacksonville Escorts Feature of the Month Escorts & Adult Companions Guide Welcome to SouthernGFE! We are premium escort guide and adult community where you will find information, links and listings for elite independent escorts and other female adult entertainers in the USA and Canada. Registration is free and there are no paid memberships or sections of the forum. SouthernGFE, unlike most other escort websites, was established by providers, for providers. SouthernGFE helps put the providers back in charge by giving them the proper tools, resources and outlet they need to effectively promote themselves and network with each other as efficiently and safely as possible. Safety & Privacy The safety of the ladies and the privacy and anonymity of all our members is the primary focus and concern of SouthernGFE. We take this issue very seriously and devote a good portion of this website to implementing and maintaining a specific safety threshold. Members are always encouraged to contact us should they have any questions, suggestions or safety concerns. We do have a Zero Tolerance policy when it comes to removing unnecessary drama and potential threats to our community. Higher Standards We are not your typical escort directory. We believe that escorts and clients(as well as adult websites) should always strive for a certain amount of professionalism and civility. Having higher standards gives us a better class of ladies who, in turn, help to bring in a better class of clients, and vice versa. We actively monitor our databases, directory listings and posts on our forum to weed out the agitators, stalkers, drama queens and various other undesirables. Yes, we are picky, and we are very proud of that fact. Targeted Marketing We make it extremely easy to advertise your services in your specific area. Navigation and posting on SGFE is very straightforward. Once you have registered you can add a single listing on the Escort Directory or make posts on any of the advertising sections of the Forum. You also have the added option of getting paid banners and creative advertising spots on various pages and sections of SouthernGFE for extra exposure. Help Support SouthernGFE SouthernGFE has been in operation since 2005. We are dedicated to building a unique, professional and safe adult community, without all the drama and BS associated with most other escort websites and communities. Our Forum has over 12,000 registered members(and growing), and we take extra care and time to make sure our Directory is constantly updated so that you aren't browsing through outdated information and listings. This helps to make your searches much more productive. We don't pester our members on a weekly or monthly basis by asking for donations, and most of our advertising options on the site are free of charge. So in order to offset the costs associated with running a growing community, we have set up several promotion ads throughout our site to help keep SGFE viable and productive. If you find this site valuable, and would like to support our efforts, then please be sure to visit our affiliates and shop at our online Toy Store. Visit our Affiliates We have several affiliate links to other adult communities and websites on various sections of SGFE. If you see an affiliate link, then please take a brief moment to see if it might be of value to you. Shop at our Adult Store Please visit our own Sex Toy Store where you can shop for vibrators, dildos, videos & DVDs, fetish, novelties and thousands of other premium sextoys on our online store. We have one of the largest selections of adult products on the Internet, so you're certain to find whatever you're looking for. Escort Resources Megan Love Erotic Photography Adriana, Model from Memphis, TN Female photographer specializing in erotic photography for high class escorts and other adult entertainers and models in need of professional images. Styles ranging from classic pinup and boudoir to fetish and artistic nudes. I really enjoyed working with Megan for my shoot. I've had professional pictures taken before and was worried about how they were going to turn out. I LOVE how all of the pictures came out even before editing. I look forward to working with Megan in the future. Adriana Are you in need of professional pictures and want to take your business to the next level? Keeping your portfolio fresh with new images and standing out from the crowd is crucial to achieving success in the escort world. Contact Megan today to get started! Photographer for Escorts and Adult Models New Reviews AUSTIN'S BEST (legit)... Exquisite Escorts Austin I have used Exquisite for a couple of years when I am in Austin. No BS, great girls, great service. HIGHLY recommend !! They... Neomi AMAZING! Exquisite Companions of... Neomi is a fun, fit little blonde that was just an awesome time. She is a ball of fun and just HOT, gorgeous body and... Gorgeous lady Jada James Gorgeous, accommodating, easy to schedule. Hard for me to contain myself around her. Smoking body and beautiful smile.... Real Alyssa I gave Alyssa a call and she said she would be there with in the hour and she was if you want someone who will do as they... Casual Comfort Joy Sprays I (finally!) met Joy for the first time in mid-November 2015. We had been chatting online, emailing and talking on the... Search Search the SouthernGFE Website ©2005-2016 SouthernGFE.com Escort Guide Escort Directory Privacy Back to Top Member Login Remember Me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Create an account
Browse A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # new Vote Favorites Store Cart English Arabic Azerbaijani Bengali Bulgarian Chinese Czech Danish Dutch English Filipino French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Help translate! Top Definition dfk deep french kissing by Anonymous May 19, 2003 1189 410 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt Add your own Random Word Trending Now Dog In A Bath Tub manterrupting Japanese Rain Goggles ass hash Clock Spider figging FLÜGGÅӘNKб€ČHIŒßØLĮÊN dense breast king hit HeForShe Can you define these popular missing words? dense breast 1-10 Female attractiveness scale), wamables toking up yqy sterobrys cory lind ppap Ppap f*ckening 2 DFK Escort slang: Deep French Kiss(ing) She gave me a DFK (Deep French Kiss) #tonsil hockey #tongue down your throat #tickling the tonsils #tongues intertwined #heavy make out session by al900 May 26, 2006 1079 413 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 3 DFK A new dubstep DJ in London. Formerly known as Caspa he is now DFK because of problems with people having the same name. He is the best DJ ever! Person 1: Did you see DFK DJ last night? Person 2: Of course I did! He was awesome! #dfk #caspa #dubstep #dj #awesome by rawrz <3 May 18, 2011 92 157 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 4 DFK Dance Floor Kidz The DFK are some sick electro dancers! They represent D*G! #vogue #dots #alexo #disco pro #jinno #claudine #groover by D*G April 08, 2010 48 128 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 5 dfk Don't fucking know Not knowing something and upset that the person that is asking you is too lazy to look it up there selves yahoo: Chickenman1: What is the speed on that new AMD Proc? Goatman: DFK you look it up #don't #know #fuck #i #not #sure #d #f #k #dfk by Sethwm2 July 20, 2006 105 185 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 6 DFK Dirty Fairfield Kids 1.)Dumbasses who are "gnar" and whatnot. 2.)Group of kids who hangout at the Fairfield Skatepark. They like to be dirty and dont really give a fuck. 3.) They're racist. 4.)Thy say they're non-conformists but really they conform to be in DFK. 5.) They drink Carlo Rossi, Pabst Beer, and Mickeys. 6.) "Gnar-Dog-Shred-Kill" Guy 1: "Dude! Did you see that gnar dude?" Guy 2: "Yeuh! He's in DFK" #dfk #dirty fairfield kid #gnar #shred #beer by brainwashed90 April 27, 2009 70 160 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 7 DFK DFK = DanceFloorKilla Used in dnb chatrooms. If somebody thinks a drum and bass tune sounds heavy / brutal then the person says its a dfk. OMG this is a fuckin heavy tuuuuune.DFK DFK DFK!!!!!!!!!! #dfk #dance #floor #killer #killa #tune #song #track by L-I-M November 25, 2006 62 168 Buy the mug Buy the tshirt Buy the mug Buy the tshirt The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary Mug Your favorite word on a white mug. Create a mug The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Soft and offensive. Just like you. Buy the t-shirt The Urban Dictionary T-Shirt Smooth, soft, slim fit American Apparel shirt. Custom printed. 100% fine jersey cotton, except for heather grey (90% cotton). Buy the t-shirt 1 2 Next › Last » Alphabetical List dfk Dfka dfkdfc dfkdgaf dfkm D.F.K.Y. dfl DFLA DFLAM D-Flap dfl'd D-Fleezed dflf dfli D-Flo d floor D-Flop DFLOW DFLP dflt DFLTFH DFLW DFM DFMO DFMT dfmug DFMWAB DFMWM DFN dfo dfoc dfod D'Foed DFOOB dfoom dforbds d-forcing D for D d for p d for the b © 1999-2016 Urban Dictionary ® jobs   terms of service   privacy dmca   remove   help Free Daily Email Type your email address below to get our free Urban Word of the Day every morning! Emails are sent from daily@urbandictionary.com. We'll never spam you. ×
NewsV Marijuana Politics Longform Daily Newsletter Weekly Newsletter MusicV Concert Reviews Profiles Concert Calendar Bars & Lounges Music Newsletter Food & DrinkV Denver Restaurant Guide Restaurant Reviews Bars & Lounges Food & Drink Newsletter Arts & CultureV Theater Geek Art Reviews Arts & Culture Newsletter CalendarV Submit an Event Concerts Things To Do Newsletter Film & TVV News & Interviews Film Reviews Showtimes Trailers Film & TV Newsletter Longform MarijuanaV Marijuana News Dispensaries Strains Laws Marijuana Newsletter Videos Slideshows Best Of Denver®V Best Of Newsletter PromotionsV Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Deals Classifieds Apps, About Us, Contact Us, Staff, Careers, Advertise, E-Edition, Privacy, Terms menu Glossary of Prostitution Terms How Sustainable Is Denver? Remember Me SIGN IN › Forgot Password? Or sign in with a social account: FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO! Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Connect. Discover. Share. Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all-access pass to everything local on events, music, restaurants, news and more. Enter your email or sign up with a social account to get started FACEBOOK TWITTER GOOGLE+ YAHOO! Privacy Policy SIGN UP › Already registered? Login › *Email *Username *Password Name *Zipcode DONE MVN Sign In › Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Facebook Twitter Follow @denverwestword Other Sean Cronin Glossary of Prostitution Terms Wednesday, November 7, 2007 at 11:36 a.m. By Sean Cronin A A Facebook - Twitter - More shares recommend reddit email - - Glendale Police have come to rely on the website Videovigilante.com for some of their more detailed intelligence on the flesh trade. Like this glossary of industry terms, which comes straight from the site: AMP = Asian Massage Parlor AAMP = Apartment Asian Massage Parlor. Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. ABC = american born chinese ABJ = american born japanese Agency = a company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of providers. AMP = Asian Massage Parlor analinus = licking anus Asian = analingus, oral sex to the anus Asian Cowgirl = girl on top, squatting ASP = Adult Service Provider, or alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup ASPD = Adult Service Provider Discussion ATF = All Time Favorite ATM = ass to mouth Aunt Flo = menstruation babyback = petite, young, attractive Asian bait and switch = person who shows up is a different one than advertised bareback = without condom BJ = blow job = oral sex = fellatio BBBJ = bare back blow job, oral sex without condom BBBJTC = bare back blow job to completion (in mouth) BBBJTCIM = bare back blow job to completion in mouth BBBJTCWS = bare back blow job to completion with swallow BBBJWF = bare back blow job with facial BBFS = bare back sex BBW = big beautiful woman BCD = Behind Closed Doors (as in private and discrete) BDSM = bondage, discipline, sado-masochism. BF = boy friend BFE = boy friend experience (Guy takes care of her desires as well) birdwatching = BBBJTCWS BLS = ball licking and sucking blue pill = Viagra butter face = everything looks good, but her face BTW = by the way cash and dash = ROB who takes the money and runs CBJ = covered blow job, oral sex with condom CC Rider = full service provider costing $200 or less CDS = covered doggy style CFS = covered full service, Sex with condom CG = cowgirl = girl on top facing you CH = Crazy Horse, SF Strip Club CIM = cum in mouth CL = craigslist.org CMD = carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde CMT = Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse. Cowgirl = CG = girl on top facing you cover = condom cups of coffee = releases DATY = dining at the y = cunnilingus, oral sex performed on a woman DDP = double digit penetration, kitty and anus Dodge = Mission Blvd, between A St and 14th St, in Hayward, CA Doggie = man behind girl, girl on hands and knees Doubles = A threesome with two girls and you DDE = doesn't do extras (PS only) DDG = drop dead gorgeous DFK = deep french kissing, open mouth with tongue DIY = do it yourself (masturbation) DT = deep throat ECR = el camino real EOM = end of message. No text in message body. facial = cumming on partner's face FBSM = full body sensual massage FIV = finger in vagina FKK = Frei Körper Kultur. German brothel / nudist club. FOB = fresh off the boat. Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US. FOV = finger outside vagina French = BJ, or oral sex in general French Kiss = Kissing with tongue insertion FS = full service = BJ + Sex Get Brain = blow job Get Comfortable = get completely naked GFE = girlfriend experience. (different variants of the definition but the basic definition includes: FS, BJ, DATY, not a clock watcher, could kiss - treats you like her Boy Friend) GG = Golden Gypsy. defunct Berkeley massage parlor GND = girl next door Greek = anal sex, back door GS = golden shower = urination play GSM = g-spot massage hardwood floors = clean shaven kitty Hat = condom HDH = high dollar hottie HJ = hand job = a manual / hand release HM = high mileage HME = honeymoon experience, lapdog heaven HWP = height and weight proportionate IMHO = in my humble opinion Incall = Meet the girl at her apartment or hotel room interpreter = condom Italian = penis rubbing between butt cheeks ISO = in search of Lapdog = person who worships providers to excess. LDL = low dollar looker (opposite of HDH) LE = law enforcement LK = light kissing, closed mouth LOS = land of smiles (Thailand) mamasan = female manager of a massage parlor MBOT = Mitchell Brothers O'Farrell Theatre, SF Strip Club MBR = multiple bell ringing = MSOG MILF = mom I'd like to f-ck Mish = missionary position, or the SF Mission District Missionary = man on top, girl on back mohawk = thin rectangular strip of pubic hair MP = massage parlor MP = multiple pops = multiple releases MSC = Market Street Cinema, SF Strip Club MSOG = multiple shots on goal = multiple releases NCT = New Century Theatre, SF Strip Club NQNS = Non Quitter Non Spitter (Provider term for guys who just never get there) NSA = no strings attached Outcall: Girl comes to your home or hotel room OWO = oral without condom OWOTC = oral without condom to completion papasan = male manager of a massage parlor party hat = condom PIV = penis in vagina PL = Pathetic Loser PO = phone operator PS = Private Show (Dance) PSE = Porn Star Experience (Opposite of GFE - professional attitude, clock watcher with perfect timing, but an incredibly good time. So good it would be like being in a porn movie and the business like attitude just wasn't a problem) PV = private viewing (Dancing, getting naked, some touching but not FS, CBJ or HJ) RA = relaxation assistant raincoat = condom RB = myredbook.com rimming = analingus RMP = Russian Massage Parlor ROB = Rip Off Bitch Reverse cowgirl = RCG = girl on top facing away Reverse massage = you massage her Roman shower = vomit play RPG = role playing games Russian = penis rubbing between breasts = Pearl Necklace = titty fuck SC = Strip Club SF = San Francisco shill = an insider posing as a satisfied customer SO = significant other SOG = shot on goal = one release SOMF = sat on my face south of the border = gential region southern france = BBBJ SP = Service Provider SPA = San Pablo Avenue in Oakland, CA spanish = ATM = ass to mouth spinner = very petite, thin girl STD = sexually transmitted disease stroll = path frequented by street walkers SW = street walker TAMP = Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor teabag = man squats and dips balls in partner's mouth TG = transgender TGTBT = too good to be true Tina = crystal meth TJ = Tijuana TL = Tenderloin district, San Francisco. between Van Ness Ave, Post St, Taylor St, and Golden Gate Ave tossing salad = analingus Troll = rude and hideous PL Trolling = Posting thinly disguised ads in a discussion forum TOFTT = Take one for the team. In reference to a new, non-reviewed provider. TS = transexual TUMA = tongue up my ass TV = transvestite WTF = What the fuck? XOXO = Kisses & Hugs YMMV = Your mileage may vary. Your service level could be different than reported by others. Applies to everyone, some more so than others. (Meaning each person may have an experience with an individual provider that is different than the person posting due to personalities and other intangible factors. Also has been used jokingly for "Your Money May Vanish" ) 1/2 and 1/2 = half and half = oral sex + full service 411 = seeking information 420 = 4:20 = marijuana 69 = two people giving each other oral sex at the same time How Sustainable Is Denver? NEXT   Contact: Sean Cronin Follow: Westword Westword News News Get the This Week's Top Stories Newsletter Every week we collect the latest news, music and arts stories — along with film and food reviews and the best things to do this week — so that you'll never miss Westword's biggest stories. GO Cancel Submit Comments In Case You Missed It Terrance Roberts Shot Down His Reputation and His Nonprofit — Can... Kyle Clark's I-Hate-Snowy-Patio-Photos Rant Ignored by 9News Mom Tries to Save Son From Death Penalty Even Though He Killed Her... Dear Stoner: Are Dispensaries Scanning IDs Now? Upcoming Events Crush Night Out Tickets Fri., Oct. 7, 6:00pm Sports Authority Field Parking: Denver Broncos Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Denver Broncos v Falcons HALF PRICE GAME Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Colorado Rapids vs. San Jose Earthquakes Tickets Thu., Oct. 13, 7:00pm Popular Stories Who Wants to Smoke Weed With Tommy Chong in Denver? The Ten Worst Parking Lots and Garages in Denver Burke Ramsey Sues CBS Expert for $150M Over JonBenet Murder... Why Free the Nipple Fort Collins Lawsuit Is About More Than... Sponsor Content ©2016 Denver Westword, LLC. All rights reserved. Newsletters All-access pass to the top stories, events and offers around town. Top Stories Send: Sign Up > Remind Me Later > No Thanks > Privacy Policy Newsletters All-access pass to top stories, events and offers around town. Sign Up > No Thanks! Remind Me Later >
MESSAGES LOG IN Log in via Log In Remember me Forgot password? Create an account EXPLORE Community DashboardRandom ArticleAbout UsCategoriesRecent Changes HELP US Write an ArticleRequest a New ArticleAnswer a RequestMore Ideas... EDIT Edit this Article Home » Categories » Relationships » Dating » Getting a Date Article Edit Discuss Edit Article How to Be an Escort's Favorite Client Community Q&A Learn the correct conduct when dealing with an escort. What and what not to do if you want to be a great client. Steps 1 Wherever you find your escort, research her. Does she have a website, does she have ads going back at least 6 months, does she have reviews (although some escorts do not like being reviewed)? Google her name and phone number or email before contacting her. Also expect her to want to screen your for her own safety; be respectful and provide whatever info she requires. 2 Be on time, or call if you will be more than 10 minutes late. Unless you are giving notice of a time change well in advance, expect to pay for the time you missed. If your 60 minute date was supposed to start at 7 and you get there at 7:15, STILL LEAVE AT 8. Please respect the escort's time and schedule, and don't linger. Even if the escort genuinely enjoyed the time with you, it is annoying and awkward if you overstay. If you want more time, ask and if she says yes, expect to pay for it at the rate previously discussed. 3 Know what's on menu in advance and do not deviate from it. Escorts use code words like, CIM, greek, GFE, PSE... google these before you call or email. 4 Never ever discuss sexual acts or money in person. For your own safety! If it is a sting, they will try to get you to say what you are there for out loud. When in doubt, kiss the girl or ask her to get more comfortable. If she complies, green light! 5 Money first always! If you must refer to it at any time, call it a gift. Do not hand the money directly to her, set it down where she can see it, or wherever you were told to beforehand, (often by the sink in the bathroom). 6 Be nice, treat her like a lady, and be respectful. She is a real person, you don't need to be intimidated and you certainly shouldn't feel superior either. 7 Don't feel like you need to blow her mind sexually. While noble, and very sweet, she is there for you. Do not hold back at the beginning because you want to last for her, this often ends in not being able to finish at all. Which nobody wants. You can take care of her after if you enjoy that, but no pressure here either. 8 Try to read her cues. She is a real women with real likes and dislikes. Not everyone wants to be talked dirty to, or smash-cuddled post coitus. Some might love it though! 9 She will not be offended if you need to leave right after. Whether you need to get back to work, or just aren't into idle chit-chat and cuddling, do your thing. She will enjoy the extra down-time. If you have a genuine rapport or chemistry, or if you are just enjoying the company and a break from real life, then stay the whole time! She will be happy either way. 10 Tip! Always tip. No one care if it's $20 or $200, tip your escort. Unless she was terrible. Tipping lets the woman know that you liked her and that you appreciate her time and effort. This is especially important if you want to see the escort again. If you went for a twofer, then tip extra well! 11 Ask her if she would like to be reviewed. If yes, keep it simple, and do not fabricate. If you say she did something that she didn't, other clients may expect that same service in the future. 12 Always be clean!!! Very very clean. If you just came from work or whatever, take a quick shower at the location. You don't want to be known as the 'Smegma-Guy'. 13 That's it! Real advice from real escorts. 14 Bring wine or a gift. Escorts love this and you will go right to the front of the line, hopefully. Wine can help to get you both relaxed and comfortable, and is a good social lubricant when you have to make all the magic happen in an hour or two. You can ask in advance what she likes, and don't forget the glasses! Gift certificates are always a safe bet if you want to bring a gift, stores like Amazon, Victoria's Secret, Bath and Body, etc. If you know the escort well, you may want to give her more personalized gifts like lingerie, jewelry, and perfume. ****Super extra bonus points if you buy her drinks/take her to dinner first, (WHILE she is being compensated for her time at her usual rate). If you really enjoy her company and can afford to do this, this is the best way to make her feel special. Remember she is on the clock though, and do not ever ask her to meet for free. That is a line neither of you should cross. Community Q&A Ask a Question Submit Already answered Not a question Bad question Other If this question (or a similar one) is answered twice in this section, please click here to let us know. Tips Remember that sexual desire is part of human nature and nothing to be ashamed of. If you are older/have no time for dating/want to be discreet/or are socially awkward, there is no shame in seeing a beautiful girl and having it be a sure thing! It's just practical. A good escort takes care of herself, practices safely, vets clients, checks references, and gets tested frequently. Escorts are not dirty, unethical, slutty, addicted to drugs any other stereotype that people associate with us. They, like any other social group, have a range of personalities, preferences and vices. Escorts are regular people and chances are very high that you know women, (or men!), that are in the sex industry in one form or another. They often keep their professions very private because they can be judged harshly. Respect her personal life. If you give her your number, she will most likely not call you, and it has nothing to do with whether or not she 'really' likes you. She keeps her two worlds separate at all times. Always use protection! If you are looking for something specific, it is out there. Domination, humiliation, every fetish you could imagine. It may not be every escorts cup of tea, but if you look hard enough you will probably find it. Always tip extra if you request a special outfit, roleplay, fetish work, toys, etc. If your escort goes above and beyond, so should you. The dream client would tip well, leave early, finish fast, bring a gift, be a regular guy, be polite and respectful. That is just the real truth. Keep in mind though that that is a client that doesn't really exist and no one expects you to be him. It's more about you anyway, and professional escorts love to feel like they did a great job and left the guy with a smile and a lasting memory! Many genuinely like most of their clients and enjoy the job wholeheartedly. Like any group of client service providers, escorts have favorites, mehs, people they don't care for, and people they will refuse to see ever again. Independent girls can be fun too! Make sure they have great reviews and that they vet clients properly before seeing them, (you may feel uncomfortable giving out identifying information, but it is in everyone's best interest!). Agency vs. Independent: Agencies are great if you want to try a variety of girls. Repeat clients are often given special treatment and more consideration. Once you trust an agency, it takes a lot of the guesswork and fear out of the equation. A good agent can give you recommendations based on who you have enjoyed in the past. When you first meet your escort please take some time to talk to them before moving onto more intimate activities. When you first meet maybe give your escort a hug and kiss and ask them to make themselves more comfortable. Warnings Don't fall in love with your escort. Always remember that even though the relationship is mutually pleasurable, and you enjoy each other's company, it is first and foremost a professional relationship. It is her job to make you feel good, and that can easily be confused with romantic love. Don't be that guy. It makes everyone feel bad. Do not expect an escort to just roll with your fetish. If you have something even slightly out of the ordinary in mind, ASK. Ask before the date if at all possible and if not, then ask upon meeting her. Be safe. If a girl will go bareback with you, you better believe she has done it with every guy before you. And never ever try to sneak it in. It's really disrespectful, and will often get you blacklisted. We know that condoms suck. We wish they didn't. They are a necessary evil though. If you can't finish with a condom on, there are other ways to finish It is not the end of the world and it happens all the time+. I do recommend that you try a female condom and see if that feels better to you. If it seems fishy, leave politely. Don't be paranoid though. Do your homework, be cautious and you will be fine. Do not say, "You should be paying ME for this! Har har." Everyone uses that joke. Good luck and happy birthday! Things You'll Need Money Common sense EditRelated wikiHows How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette How to Use Proper Business Email Etiquette How to Be Fired Gracefully How to Deal with a Work Colleague Who Has Stinky Lunches How to Practice Business Etiquette in Italy How to Practice Business Etiquette in Russia How to Delegate Tasks and Empower Your Team Article Info Categories: Business Etiquette | Getting a Date In other languages: Português: ser o Cliente Favorito de uma Acompanhante, Español: ser el cliente favorito de una dama de compañía, Italiano: Diventare il Cliente Preferito di una Escort, Русский: быть любимым клиентом эскорта, Deutsch: Der Lieblingskunde einer Begleitdame sein Discuss Print Email Edit Send fan mail to authors Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 244,251 times. Did this article help you? Yes No   Can you please put wikiHow on the whitelist for your ad blocker? wikiHow relies on ad money to give you our free how-to guides. Learn how. Cookies make wikiHow better. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our cookie policy. About this wikiHow 617 reviews Click a star to vote Click a star to vote Thanks for voting! Co-authors: 15 Updated: Views: 244,251 "Never paid for an escort before but I'm really thinking about it. Just trying to make sure I don't do something stupid and make her scared and not want to be with me. This really helped."..." more - Jalen P. 91% of people told us that this article helped them. Quick Tips Related Articles How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette Home About wikiHow Jobs Terms of Use RSS Site map Log In Mobile view All text shared under a Creative Commons License. Powered by Mediawiki. Become an Author! Write an Article 136
⌂Home Mail Search News Sports Finance Celebrity Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More⋁ Politics Movies Music TV Groups Style Beauty Tech Shopping Install the new Firefox » Yahoo Answers 👤 Sign in ✉ Mail ⚙ Help Account Info Help Suggestions Send Feedback Answers Home All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products International Argentina Australia Brazil Canada France Germany India Indonesia Italy Malaysia Mexico New Zealand Philippines Quebec Singapore Taiwan Hong Kong Spain Thailand UK & Ireland Vietnam Espanol About About Answers Community Guidelines Leaderboard Knowledge Partners Points & Levels Blog Safety Tips Society & Culture Community Service Next What does gfe incall mean? 1 following Report Abuse Are you sure you want to delete this answer? Yes No Sorry, something has gone wrong. Trending Now Michael Jordan Anne Hathaway Apple Watch Barack Obama Arthritis Relief Credit Cards Keith Richards John Cena Haley Bennett Reverse Mortgage Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer:  This refers to a female (call girl, prostitute, and so on) that offers a service where the man comes to her, in her appartment, her house, or her hotel room. There she will give you sexual services for a fee. Many women of this type provide massages or other sexual activity like you are a piece of meat ,and they are a robot. However, if she said GFE, she is claiming she will give you a "Girl Friend Experience". In other words, this female service provider, will pretend to be your girlfriend. Usually that means she will be very romantic and receptive to you and make an emotional connection with you, durring the session, with her. Instead of just providing cold, direct sexual services and sending you out the door, she will laugh, play , talk ,and do things a real girlfriend would do with you. "Outcall" oppose to "Incall" means that the female service provider will come to your home or hotel room for the session. Source(s): Countless Single ads in Los Angeles area adult magazines videogene · 1 decade ago 7 Thumbs up 1 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Asker's rating Report Abuse This Site Might Help You. RE: what does gfe incall mean? Source(s): gfe incall mean: https://tr.im/H7HaF ? · 1 year ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse Girlfriend experience--incall. Basically, you pay an escort to act as your girlfriend (that's GFE). Incall means you have to go to her place of residence--she won't come out to your place. Pagan Rebirth, S.O. · 1 decade ago 2 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse What Is Gfe Source(s): https://shrink.im/a8q2I fogleman · 1 day ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse When you phone a callgirl or boy, and she/he is in the same building as you are in. BrendaWise · 1 decade ago 1 Thumbs up 4 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse Add your answer What does gfe incall mean? Add your answer Source Submit Cancel Report Abuse I think this question violates the Community Guidelines Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more I think this question violates the Terms of Service Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more Additional Details If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our Copyright/IP Policy Report Abuse Cancel Report Abuse I think this answer violates the Community Guidelines Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more I think this answer violates the Terms of Service Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more Additional Details If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our Copyright/IP Policy Report Abuse Cancel Report Abuse I think this comment violates the Community Guidelines Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more I think this comment violates the Terms of Service Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more Additional Details If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our Copyright/IP Policy Report Abuse Cancel Ask a question usually answered in minutes! Expand» Details Details Existing questions More Tell us some more Upload in Progress Upload failed. Please upload a file larger than 100x100 pixels We are experiencing some problems, please try again. You can only upload files of type PNG, JPG, or JPEG. You can only upload files of type 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, MOV, AVI, MPG, MPEG, or RM. You can only upload photos smaller than 5 MB. You can only upload videos smaller than 600MB. You can only upload a photo (png, jpg, jpeg) or a video (3gp, 3gpp, mp4, mov, avi, mpg, mpeg, rm). You can only upload a photo or a video. Video should be smaller than <b>600mb/5 minutes</b> Photo should be smaller than <b>5mb</b> Video should be smaller than <b>600mb/5 minutes</b> Photo should be smaller than <b>5mb</b> Related Questions Guys does starring mean you're interested? What does marriage mean to you? What does LMAO mean? More questions What does true love mean to you? What does a girl mean when she says SHUT UP? Answer Questions Why does the speaker in my forbidden face sets her canary loose? Minerais constituintes do balastros? What is Up with the spirits governing these corporations? Do their policies need to change? Information on Human experimentation in Honduras organizations? Trending What is greater than God, more evil than the devil, the poor have it, the rich need it, and if you eat it, you'll die? 9 answers Who thinks it's ok for a murcan southerner to fly a Confederate flag but not OK for a German to fly a nazi flag? 6 answers Atheists & Christians, are you Jezebel? 6 answers More questions Is your job stressful? 20 answers Could a return to colonialism be a solution to multiculturalism? 8 answers How does Hillary handle this very simple question from Trump? "Hey, Hillary, can you explain your Foundation's money and it's failure? 7 answers Terms Privacy AdChoices RSS
Home Introduction Index Subject Index (A and B) Subject Index (C and D) Subject Index (E and F) Subject Index (G and H) Subject Index (I and J) Subject Index (K and L) Subject Index (M and N) Subject Index (O and P) Subject Index (Q and R) Subject Index (S and T) Subject Index (U and V) Subject Index (W – Z) Resources Bibliography Filmography Musicography Questions Quotes La Libertine’s Salon Offsite Permanent Links Criticisms, Witticisms & Praise The Honest Courtesan Frank commentary from an unretired call girl Feeds: Posts Comments « The Biggest Whores All Shapes and Sizes » Terminology September 7, 2010 by Maggie McNeill “When I use a word,” Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone, “it means just what I choose it to mean — neither more nor less.” –  Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking Glass Like all subcultures, whores and our clients use specialized language to describe various aspects of our trade and the specialized activities we perform.  Most of these are just slang terms used to replace a long descriptive phrase (for example, “cowgirl” replaces the rather cumbersome “woman on top position”), but others were originally intended to allow discussion of suppressed activities when official busybodies might be eavesdropping (on phone or internet communications).  Of course, a secret shared is no secret at all, so once a term becomes common enough for a client to be relatively certain that it will mean something to an escort (or vice versa), they can also be sure the term is equally well-known to the cops.  Today I’d just like to give you a brief overview of a few of the more common terms used in and about our trade.  Many of these originated on the internet; some were first used among streetwalkers, while still others may be peculiar to New Orleans (which is the only place I ever worked). Around the World means oral stimulation of the man’s anus as well as his genitals; as one might expect, the percentage of working girls who will grant this particular request is fairly slim even in the lower echelons.  Even if one chooses to ignore the considerable hygeine issues, the chance of contracting hepatitis A or other diseases is in my considered opinion far too high to risk. BBBJ stands for “Bareback Blow Job”, in other words fellatio without a condom.  In the days immediately after the discovery of AIDS this was widely considered unsafe, and authorities encouraged people to use condoms even during oral sex.  Almost three decades of research, however, have failed to turn up even one single documented case of HIV transmission via oral sex, and the last figure I saw was 0.04% chance of infection due to blood seepage into an undetected mouth sore.  Since that’s roughly similar to the chance of being struck by lightning while walking in the rain, most call girls and escorts don’t worry about it much any more.  Hepatitis B is transmitted much as HIV is, though probably at a slightly higher chance.  Other venereal diseases (including venereal warts and herpes) can certainly be transmitted via oral sex, but since they have visible signs most of the risk can be avoided via careful visual inspection (as I’ve discussed before), copious salivation (which most men find visually stimulating anyhow) and disallowing ejaculation into one’s mouth.  The latter requires careful monitoring of the client’s progress; I always asked him to warn me but also assumed he would not because unfortunately a lot of men are complete assholes on this particular subject and will not give warning despite the increased risk to the girl. Cowgirl we’ve already discussed; the only reason I’m mentioning it here again is because many of my readers are probably unfamiliar with the terms for its variations, reverse cowgirl (woman on top, facing the man’s feet) and Asian cowgirl (as normal cowgirl but with one’s feet on the bed raising the whole body up and down rather than simply rocking back and forth). Deep Throat means taking a man’s penis all the way into one’s mouth.  With a little practice it isn’t difficult, and since it impresses the hell out of men it’s well worth learning.  The trick is to suppress the gag reflex; I suggest practicing on bananas.  Few men are long enough to actually go down one’s throat, and even those that are can be handled unless they are oddly-shaped (as I’ll discuss tomorrow). Donation is originally an internet term; it simply means “fee”, as in “how much is your donation?” Facial means ejaculation onto a woman’s face.  Men who like to do this really like it, but some girls won’t allow it.  Personally I was never bothered by it; it’s not difficult to keep one’s mouth and eyes shut, and since I was blessed with a clear complexion and lovely natural coloring I never needed to wear makeup in those days anyhow.  I could therefore simply have a warm, damp washcloth handy for initial cleanup and then wash my face completely afterward.  I can see how a girl who needs makeup would be averse to clients doing this, however, since it would necessitate a great deal more effort to restore her looks afterward than it did mine.  It also tends to get in one’s hair, but can be brushed out in the short term and thoroughly removed by shampoo later.  Amateurs who say “I would never let a man do that to me!” or “That’s so demeaning!” need to remember those statements when asking “Why does my husband hire whores when I give him plenty of sex?” Full service simply means intercourse, as opposed to just oral sex or masturbation (the latter being the specialty of Asian massage parlors). GFE means “Girl Friend Experience”; it’s a highly subjective term but generally means that the escort will cuddle, kiss, refrain from obvious clockwatching or otherwise make the experience seem much more natural and less mechanical.  A high percentage of call girls provide either “GFE” or its converse, the “PSE” (some men believe that the two are not mutually exclusive within a single call, but I beg to differ).  Of late, I have noticed a distressing tendency in internet venues to attempt to define a GFE by mechanistic criteria (such as whether the girl allows intrusive tongue kissing); IMHO this completely flies in the face of the very idea of a GFE, which is determined by how the girl makes the client feel rather than by a checklist. Greek means anal sex.  It isn’t commonly offered because one simply can’t trust a client to follow the instructions necessary to keep the experience from being painful, but there are always specialists who cater to customers who want it. Hobbyist is an internet term which means a client who sees escorts as a continuing hobby rather than as an occasional pleasure.  Hobbyists generally frequent internet boards dedicated to their hobby and share information with each other; some of them are excellent clients because they know what’s expected of them, never quibble about money, treat girls well and are scrupulous about keeping appointments.  Unfortunately, the rest of them enjoy the hobby itself more than the girls, and can be nasty and exploitative.  Sometimes the term is used in a broader sense to mean any client, but I think it’s more useful in the strict sense. John is a term used mostly by police, the media and others outside The Life for a customer, as in “John Doe” since they are anonymous.  The first recorded appearance of the term in print is from 1911, but it is unclear whether it originated among streetwalkers or started as an outsiders’ term from the beginning.  Since I have never associated with streetwalkers or worked anywhere but New Orleans I can’t speak for whether any working girls actually use the term, but what I can say is that I never heard one do so, not even once, not even as a joke.  I’ve heard “client”, “customer”, “date”, “patron” and even (once) “trick”, but never “john”.  I myself always preferred “gentleman”, not merely because it’s polite but also evokes Amanda Wingfield’s “gentleman callers” in my mind. MSOG means “Multiple Shots On Goal”, in other words the girl allows the man to have intercourse with her more than once if he can.  It’s an internet term, and I must admit I giggled when it was explained to me.  Many girls won’t allow it, which IMHO is rather stupid on their parts since this exists largely in the realm of male fantasy.  What I mean by that is, though a large percentage of men ask for it (by initials or otherwise), only a tiny percentage can actually accomplish it within the time allotted.  So there’s no harm in agreeing to this because most clients will be too spent after the first time even to attempt it again, and a gentle “but sweetie, if it took you 35 minutes the first time how do you expect to do it a second time in ten?” will take care of most of the rest.  And on those rare occasions where the client is both quick on the trigger and able to perform again, why not let him go twice?  It’s his hour, after all, and he paid good money for it. Pearl Necklace means ejaculation onto a woman’s tits.  This can turn into an unplanned facial if the man ejaculates energetically enough. Popped means the same as “busted”, i.e. arrested. Protection simply means condoms.  A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”). Provider is a neutral internet term for an escort, as in “provider of services”. I don’t much care for this one, as it always reminds me of “The Providers”, those disembodied brains who once abducted Captain Kirk. PSE stands for “Porn Star Experience”.  This is slightly less subjective than its converse “GFE”, and refers to a very energetic escort who is adept at visually impressive stunts like deep throat and accepting of facials and other such porn-movie staples. Russian is holding one’s tits together so a man can rub himself between them; obviously, it’s only possible with rather large tits. Trick is old slang for a session with a client (as in “turn a trick”) or sometimes even a client himself.  It first appeared in print around the same time as “John”, and is still used today among streetwalkers and lower-class escorts in some areas (including New Orleans).  Higher-class girls generally prefer “date” or “call”, and I’ve also heard “job” or “deal”; working girls with musical backgrounds sometimes use “gig”. Troublemakers is the term I preferred for the nasty, sadistic busybodies referred to by others as pigs, liars, busybodies, blue boys, heat, LE and a number of other things…in other words, cops, the single greatest threat to any hooker’s health, safety and livelihood. So, there’s a quick explanation of a very few terms; there are plenty of others, but these are most of the common ones which sprang immediately to mind (though I wouldn’t be surprised if I overlooked a really obvious term or two).  As I said above, these are the ones I know from the internet and New Orleans; to list every one from around the world would probably fill a slim dictionary. Share this: Share Email Facebook Print Twitter Reddit Google Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in Call types, Perception | Tagged anal sex, condoms, cops, disease, ethics, GFE, imaginative fiction, masturbation, oral sex, semen, streetwalkers, Terminology, tits | 21 Comments 21 Responses on September 7, 2010 at 12:38 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom I’ve heard that when teenagers first started describing their get-togethers as “dates” parents freaked out, because up to that time ONLY prostitutes called time spent with a man a “date.” One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. on September 7, 2010 at 1:11 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. Yes, I know that one; I believe it’s of British origin. on September 7, 2010 at 3:21 pm | Reply ant what about half n half, snoball, and blacktoppingk? on September 7, 2010 at 4:03 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill “Half and half” (oral sex followed by intercourse) is only used by streetwalkers, massage parlor girls and other low-end whores who charge by the act rather than by the time period; I’ve never heard it used by an escort. “Snoball” or “snowball” (receiving a man’s ejaculate in one’s mouth, then kissing him and spitting it into his mouth) is a modern “urban” slang term which I suppose might be used about a really skanky, hostile, low-end whore with no concept of personal safety, but certainly isn’t used in the business except perhaps among gay escorts, with whom I’ve never had much contact. And I don’t know the term “blacktopping”, though I have a guess about it; if you choose to explain it, do try to be clinical! on September 7, 2010 at 4:08 pm | Reply ant Heard it on howard stern, so there’s no way i could describe it clinically😉 on September 7, 2010 at 4:35 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill Radio DJ terms are often not real slang; they’re things the DJ comes up with to get around censorship laws (though now that Stern is on Sirius he needn’t worry about that any longer). For example, my husband used to listen to Tom Leykis’ show on occasion and they habitually used the term “hummer” to mean “blow job”. If you wish you can send me the description in an email and I’ll try to rephrase it in as clinical a fashion as I can manage. on September 7, 2010 at 10:15 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Teabagging is something a woman can’t do to a man; dirty sanchez is too disgusting to contemplate; rusty trombone has some similarities to ’round the world; and I’m sure we all know what 69 means (but what about 96?). I’m sure that new terms will spring into being when space tourism gets going and people start joining the 100 Mile High Club. “Baby, do you do the X/Y dodec?” on September 7, 2010 at 11:15 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill With the exception of 69, though, I’ve never heard of a guy specifically requesting any of that stuff from a whore.😦 on September 8, 2010 at 8:36 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom Perhaps that’s just as well. On a totally different note, my cute friend has informed me that “Creole” describes her quite well. She’s Creole and then some. Really exotic and cutesy. It’s too bad she’s so asexual; she’d make a fortune. As you say: it isn’t for everybody. on September 8, 2010 at 8:44 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I’ve known quite a few Creoles, and they are often quite beautiful. Unfortunately, they have largely vanished as an ethic group since most now identify as black. Two of the recent mayors of New Orleans were Creole; both called themselves “white” on their Army enlistment papers but “black” when running for office in a majority-black city, and both married black women. To be sure mixed-race marriages are producing children who would’ve been called Creole in the old days, but they aren’t raised in that subculture. on December 27, 2010 at 5:28 am | Reply Asehpe I’m certainly in favor of making dictionaries, since it’s an important part of my day job. The etymology of these terms (usually metaphors or metonymies) is mostly obvious, but one of them stands out: the ‘Russian’. What gives? ‘Greek’ for anal sex is more or less obvious (via Ancient Greek’s surprisingly high level of acceptance of homosexuals, who suggest sodomy to a Westerner’s mind); but ‘Russian’? (I knew that practice from porn as ‘tit-fucking’; is Russian an euphemism? Does it imply Russian women have large breasts? My wife is Russian, and she doesn’t have large breasts…) on December 27, 2010 at 8:31 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I suspect it does derive from the stereotype of big-titted Russian women. I heard the term for the first time less than ten years ago; when I was in my teens the guy I knew used to refer to it as a “Dutch oven”. on January 1, 2011 at 1:10 am | Reply Jack Parsons The “Venture Brothers” cartoon includes this dialogue: “Prostitute: Okay big fella, you first. I charge you ten bucks for the Gilded Lily, twenty for the Roman Holiday, fifty for The Old Walrus ‘n’ Carpenter,and for seventy-five you can Sleigh Ride Down Kilimanjaro.” These terms were made up to mollify the network. Two previous batches of bogus terms were rejected. And something allegedly genuine: Oh, the French girls with their strings of pearls Think it’s such a burning shame That the local boys with their country joys Never make them daisy chains. They’re swapping disappointing incidents While at the dock another ship pulls in And suddenly the door breaks down (Hourah!) It’s the Seven Deadly Finns! Oh soldiers and sailors Have all been there before: Gigolos and governments Have tumbled through that door. Because they need those French girls With all their kiss-curls And powder in their guns And the Seven Finns with the deadly grins Tend to measure beauty in tons! The first is a freak with a masochistic streak And the second is a kitten up a tree The third is a flirt with an awful print skirt And the fourth is pretending to be me The fifth wears a mac and never turns his back And the sixth never shows his eyes But the Seventh Deadly Finn is so tall and slim, He shouldanever been with those guys. Although variety is the spice of life, A steady rhythm is the source Simplicity is the crucial thing Systemically of course (work it on out like Norbert Weiner) So when those French Girls say to you “Would you like your ashes raked?” You’ll have to take their word for it: It’s the only thing to take… (Yodelling chorus) —————————- http://music.hyperreal.org/artists/brian_eno/7deadly.html (Norbert Wiener was an MIT professor. Brian Eno is Bjork’s predecessor as the smartest and weirdest pop musician.) on January 1, 2011 at 8:26 am | Reply Maggie McNeill That sounds like a sea chanty; my husband has a CD collection of many such bawdy songs.🙂 on September 8, 2011 at 11:16 pm | Reply c andrew Hi Maggie, Speaking of Sea Chanties, here is a modern version. I looked for the original which was a capella, but this is the closest facsimile I could find. You’ll have to forgive the animation and concentrate on the audio. on September 8, 2011 at 11:21 pm | Reply c andrew Looks like I was, ahem, a bit premature in the last post. Here’s the a capella version. on September 9, 2011 at 12:41 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom That was an AAARRRRR-rated song! on September 9, 2011 at 7:11 pm | Reply c andrew I think you AAAARRRRRight there!😉 on September 7, 2011 at 2:01 pm | Reply Rapid ‘Protection simply means condoms. A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”).’ I know a lady who refers to condoms as “condiments”. on November 5, 2011 at 2:43 am | Reply Ornithorhynchus I’ve been hearing jokes on TV about hookers offering ‘Around The World’ since the ’80s, but I never knew what it meant until now. Now if I can only find out what the ‘Lioness On The Cheese-grader’ is. on October 7, 2016 at 4:25 am | Reply Marion Dupree I don’t know about sea shanties about semen..HAR HAR, but awhile back I wrote this: (Hope you enjoy)… Samantha’s Story Unpublished Work, All rights reserved, Copyright © 2010 Written by (Name withheld) Samantha made a living In ways I’m sure you’ll guess And no amount of L.E threats Could convince her to confess The sordid truths and dark desires Her “patrons” would lay bare She would place deep inside her vault (They knew she’d keep them there) These trusting few — these tortured souls They’d found their rapture’s niche She fiercely filled their craven lusts Like panthers on a leash Mercy came to those who cried (But, only if she chose)! The “pain” she gave brought much delight With relentless, stinging blows And then, of course There were her “pets” These meek, they liked to play They’d lick up all she served to them Like liver on a tray Oscar liked his nipples clamped And Fred got off on pies And Larry loved his asshole rammed With cocks of every size And April, she would cum for days If her clit was roughly tweaked And Peter lapped up Samantha’s pee When down her leg it leaked Best of all there were the twins A wild, perverted pair Who loved to singe their private parts While other people stared To lick on toes, or suck a cock Seemed dry to her as toast But stick a jar up some chick’s twat? Who could want a better host? The raunchier, the saucier The more depraved the act Would only fuel her fire for more Joy they would transact. As legend goes, Samantha kept A few lovers for herself For she loved them each Like precious gems Placed high atop a shelf “I’ll shine you up.” She purrs to one “And you – I’ll hose you down.” And “Hands against the wall, my pet – Don’t dare to make a sound!” Lustfully, they all complied To each cruel command she gave They lapped between her thighs when asked – And never misbehaved. “Good pets,” she’d coo, and stroke their heads, “It’s time I take my leave” They’d moan and groan, But knew all too well The rewards they’d soon receive. With shackles on and collars latched She locked them all up tight Leaving them alone in fear As day turned into night. Time crept by and her precious few Were restless, scared and hot But, just then – the door squeaked ajar- And Samantha showed them what she’d bought. “Hello, my pets, did you miss me?” Her voice soothed their throbbing aches “I brought you each a brand new toy, Let’s see the mess we make!” And so it went As it often does She got the best of each She rode them hard, she rode them long For she had so much to teach! And so ends this tale At least for now Of Samantha’s lusty lair So now you know And I’d lay odds – That you wish That you lived there! ‡ Comments RSS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Ways to buy my book This Month September 2010 S M T W T F S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Old Posts Old Posts Select Month October 2016  (7) September 2016  (30) August 2016  (31) July 2016  (31) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (31) February 2016  (29) January 2016  (31) December 2015  (31) November 2015  (30) October 2015  (31) September 2015  (30) August 2015  (31) July 2015  (31) June 2015  (30) May 2015  (31) April 2015  (30) March 2015  (31) February 2015  (28) January 2015  (31) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (30) October 2014  (31) September 2014  (30) August 2014  (31) July 2014  (31) June 2014  (30) May 2014  (31) April 2014  (30) March 2014  (31) February 2014  (28) January 2014  (31) December 2013  (31) November 2013  (30) October 2013  (31) September 2013  (30) August 2013  (31) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (31) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (31) February 2013  (28) January 2013  (31) December 2012  (31) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (31) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (31) July 2012  (31) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (31) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (31) February 2012  (29) January 2012  (31) December 2011  (31) November 2011  (30) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (30) August 2011  (31) July 2011  (31) June 2011  (30) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (31) February 2011  (28) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (30) October 2010  (31) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (31) July 2010  (22) Call me Enter your email address to follow "The Honest Courtesan"; you'll be notified by email whenever Maggie posts something new. Become a Blog Patron If you want to donate but don't want a recurring charge, you can send any amount you like via PayPal to my email address (see below). Be sure to include a note so I can thank you! Contact Maggie If you'd like to ask me a question, click here. If you made a comment and it doesn't appear within a few hours, click on this one. If you'd like to alert me to an interesting item, use this one. And if you have a request, bouquet or brickbat or just want to introduce yourself, this is the one for you. A Few References Ad Scortum Advice for Clients Frequently Told Lies Guided Tour Handy Figures House Rules King of the Hill Maggie's Amazon Wishlist Safety in Numbers Where's My Comment? Friends of Whores Amazing Women Rock An Anthology of English Pros Cliterati Econjeff Feminist Ire Judgy Bitch Literate Perversions Marijke Vonk Narco Polo Nobody's Business Paper Bird Popehat Radley Balko RTFTLC Sarah Woolley Sex and the State Simple Justice Stanley Siegel Talk Geek to Me The Naked Anthropologist Windy Pundit Organizations & Allies Desiree Alliance ESPLERP FIRST International Prostitutes Collective International Sex Worker Foundation for Art, Culture and Education International Union of Sex Workers Naughty New Orleans Network North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition Prostitutes' Education Network Sex Work Activists, Allies and You Sex Worker Open University Sex Workers Outreach Project Sex Workers Without Borders St. James Infirmary SWOP-NOLA Touching Base Women With a Vision Resources Decriminalization Success in New Zealand Dr. Brooke Magnanti on "How To Blog Anonymously" Legal Status of Prostitution by Country Logical Fallacies Loose Women or Lost Women? Sex Trafficking: The Abolitionist Fallacy Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work The Mythology of Prostitution The Philosophy of Liberty Third Wave Foundation's Pro-Sex Work Statement World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights Whorish Media After Hours Bound, Not Gagged Brooke Magnanti was a Sex Worker! Castrating Bitch Girl Furry Girl's Feminisn't Harlot's Parlour Kelly James vs. the TSA La Libertine's Salon Open Source Sex Post-Whore America Sina More Stuff Sex Workers Eat The Honest Catesan The Sex Myth The Time Waster Tits and Sass Vixen for Hire Maggie on TwitterMy Tweets Boring but necessary legal stuff All original content on this website (i.e. all of my columns, pages and anything else which I write myself) is protected under international copyright law as of the time it is posted; though you may link to it as you please or quote passages (as long as you attribute the quote to me), please do not reproduce whole columns without my express written permission. In other words, you have to say "pretty please with sugar on top" first, and then wait for me to say "okey-dokey". Blog at WordPress.com. WPThemes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home Introduction Index Subject Index (A and B) Subject Index (C and D) Subject Index (E and F) Subject Index (G and H) Subject Index (I and J) Subject Index (K and L) Subject Index (M and N) Subject Index (O and P) Subject Index (Q and R) Subject Index (S and T) Subject Index (U and V) Subject Index (W – Z) Resources Bibliography Filmography Musicography Questions Quotes La Libertine’s Salon Offsite Permanent Links Criticisms, Witticisms & Praise The Honest Courtesan Frank commentary from an unretired call girl Feeds: Posts Comments « To Spite Their Faces They Speak for Themselves » More Terminology September 7, 2011 by Maggie McNeill We cannot even reproduce our thoughts entirely in words.  –  Friedrich Nietzsche My column of one year ago today, “Terminology”, was a glossary of terms used by whores and clients; many of them come from the escort review sites which have become very popular on the internet in the past decade.  Today I’d like to look at a few more such terms, including some that I’ve only learned since my first column on the subject; many of these are acronyms used by internet “hobbyists” in reviews, so I simply never encountered them until I started reading more about review sites and corresponding with internet independents. BCD:  Behind Closed Doors.  This refers to the portion of a date which is spent in the bedroom, i.e. the sexual portion of a session.  It is thus used as a collective reference to sex acts (“BCD activities”) or by girls referring to special “meet over coffee” type deals (“no BCD time”). BFE:  Boy Friend Experience.  It is obviously built on the pattern of “Girl Friend Experience”, which I defined in my previous column; a client might be described as a “BFE” if he’s very nice and easy to deal with, avoids being pushy or demanding, doesn’t haggle and tries to make the date pleasant for the escort by booking multiple hours, taking her to dinner and/or giving her a gift, carrying on an interesting conversation, etc. CIM:  Cum In Mouth.  The use of “cum” to mean “semen” is an American vulgarism dating to the 1920s, and the extension of the vulgar spelling to the verb “come” (which has been colloquially used to mean “have an orgasm” since at least the late Middle Ages, just as the equivalent verb is used in other European languages) is more recent still, dating to perhaps the 1960s.  I don’t think I need to tell any female reader how much ejaculating into a woman’s mouth excites most men, but in the post-HIV world very few whores would allow this.  Unfortunately, as I discussed in my column of February 28th, …in the last decade as escort review sites became steadily more common, many escorts wanted something which would set them apart from the competition.  But the trend really took off just over two years ago when the economy went belly-up; a lot of part-timers lost their regular jobs and therefore needed to bring in more money from hooking, and a lot of amateurs who had never before directly asked for cash flooded into Craigslist and Backpage.  The amateurs had no sense of appropriate professional conduct and the part-timers were desperate to make up the difference from their lost jobs, and so they started to offer things which, while not extremely dangerous like unprotected intercourse, were nonetheless more personal and “edgy” than what had been the norm even as recently as 2007.  And once that happened even many full-time professional escorts were forced to change their policies in order to remain competitive. Though most escorts who allow this still spit or dribble afterward, there are some who offer “BBBJTCNQNS”, which means “bare back blow job to completion, no quittin’, no spittin’”, which I personally consider most unwise. DFK:  Deep French Kissing.  Yes, we didn’t used to allow kissing, either; see the entry for CIM above. DNS:  Do Not See.  Most often used in the formulation “DNS List”, a personal list of men an escort refuses to see because of personal experience, warnings from other girls or statements the listee has made on review boards:  “Any man with an attitude like that goes straight onto my DNS list.” FBSM:  Full-Body Sensual Massage, a combination of therapeutic massage with sensual touching.  See also levels of massage. FIV:  Fingers In Vagina, an activity which I’m far from alone in disliking intensely, though some girls do allow it. LEO:  Law Enforcement Officer, i.e. a vice pig.  Sometimes “Uncle Leo”. Levels (of massage):  A Level 1 (L1) massage is massage with a “happy ending” (i.e. hand job).  Level 2 (L2) massage includes a blow job, and Level 3 (L3) is full service. Lurker:  A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them.  Most of these are the good sort of hobbyists, unlike the bad ones who use their experience and that of others to learn how to cheat, manipulate and intimidate inexperienced escorts. Manmades:  Augmented tits, often abbreviated MMs:  “Maggie has a spectacular set of manmades”. NBA:  No Blacks Allowed.  Escorts with NBA policies will not see black clients for reasons I already discussed at length in my column for September 18th of last year. NCNS:  No Call, No Show.  A client who neither showed for his appointment nor called to cancel; a deadbeat. Nuru massage:  This is not “massage” in the normal sense, but rather consists of the masseuse erotically sliding her naked body up and down against that of her client with the assistance of nuru gel, an odorless, tasteless, colorless and extremely slippery gel made from nori seaweed.  The gel does not dry up and so must be washed off with soap and water; nuru massage thus always ends with a bath or shower.  Nuru massage originated in Japanese bathhouses, or “soaplands”. Outing:  Publicizing the real name of a client or escort, usually to that person’s family; it is considered one of the most reprehensible actions of which someone is capable and will usually result in the total ostracism of the offender. Roses:  A rather silly slang term for “dollars” used in the advertising of inexperienced low-end escorts:  “I expect a donation of 150 roses”. Spinner:  A very thin, petite escort, so called because of the joke that a man can “pick her up and spin her around” while she’s doing cowgirl. Time waster:  A man who has no real intention of paying for an appointment.  Some of them are lonely and just looking for conversation, and others might like to see a girl but are too nervous or frightened to follow through, but most are just cheapskates trying to get free wanking material. TOFTT:  Take One For The Team.  This refers to a hobbyist taking the risk of seeing an unreviewed girl in order to report back to his friends about her. YMMV:  Your Mileage May Vary.  This phrase, borrowed from American automobile advertising, refers to an escort whose performance varies considerably from client to client depending on how she reacts to each individual. Share this: Share Email Facebook Print Twitter Reddit Google Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in Call types, Miscellaneous, Perception | Tagged Backpage, bad customers, brothels, condoms, cops, Craigslist, East Asia, escort review sites, GFE, Japan, massage, semen, sisterhood, Terminology, tits | 34 Comments 34 Responses on September 7, 2011 at 1:16 pm | Reply Marla LEO: Law Enforcement Officer, i.e. a vice pig. Sometimes “Uncle Leo”. Uncle Leo – this reminds me of Seinfeld’s Uncle Leo. I wonder if the term is a reference to that character? Lurker: A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them. These are the good sort of hobbyists… Why are Lurkers more likely to be the good sort of hobbyist than the ones who post on escort boards? on September 7, 2011 at 3:51 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill Independent escorts who post frequently on escort boards could probably explain it better, but the basic issue is that many (though by no means all) of the guys who post frequently on escort boards are prone to looking for “deals”, haggling, sharing ways to scam escorts with each other, trying to bully inexperienced girls into giving them freebies or cut rates in exchange for good reviews, threatening them with bad reviews, or generally playing pimp. Lurkers are the guys who are busy with real life and/or turned off by the locker-room behavior of many of the more board-active hobbyists, and thus only use the boards for information. on September 7, 2011 at 5:55 pm | Reply krulac “Lurker” here … and I agree with you 100 percent. I don’t even think that the escort reviews can be relied upon in most cases. I tend to think that a guy who’s an asshole on the internet is going to be an asshole with a girl – and so that may negatively impact his experience with that girl. I’ve noticed, a few “hobbyists” that are very pleasant natured and very civil to others on those escort forums tend to have a high number of glowing reviews and speak very favorably of girls personally. On those occasions where they have bad experiences – they tend to blow it off by saying the girl is probably very good under most circumstances, but their experience wasn’t thrilling this one time. Even in a bad experience – they’ll find a way to compliment the girl on her looks, or her personality – or some other positive trait she possessed. NBA’s – many escorts in Europe have that policy too – some go farther with an exclusion against Arabs also. on September 7, 2011 at 6:57 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Kama of Kingston had a “No Republicans” policy. If you voted for Bush, she didn’t want you. Had to do with foreign policy, India in particular. I have no idea how she feels about Obama, I don’t know much about him and India, and because her website is gone. She may have another, idk. on September 7, 2011 at 7:00 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill If she was adamant about that, I’m not at all surprised she’s out of business. on September 8, 2011 at 12:18 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom I have to wonder how you enforce such a thing. You don’t get tattooed with R, D, I, or whatever when you vote. Which means she wasn’t having sex with honest Republicans. Ones who lie could still get some. She was also picky about shaving. I was able to find an interview with her, but I think it’s from a few years back. on September 8, 2011 at 9:26 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Exactly. And it would be a ridiculous basis on which to exclude customers even if one could tell; if I had avoided every client whom I thought to be stupid, misguided or guilty of poor judgment I would’ve been a destitute prostitute. on September 7, 2011 at 11:23 pm | Reply Beste Sure some punters do exactly as you describe. But the bullshit/scams goes the other way as well. eg fake positive reviews, false advertising etc on September 8, 2011 at 12:11 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Oh, dear, I would have hoped you had noticed by now that I’m always fair; my column on bad girls was over a year ago now, last August 24th. on September 7, 2011 at 1:51 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Uncle Leo is that bad uncle you don’t want your parents to let babysit you. Unless he works in the space program, of course. Uncle Low Earth Orbit is a good guy. on September 8, 2011 at 9:27 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Maybe, but he’s such a drag. on September 8, 2011 at 12:31 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom {groan}😉 on September 7, 2011 at 5:40 pm | Reply c99 In canada we have a few more that are used in ads. MSOG = multiple shots on goal. Which means you can go as many times as you can in the time period. Very standard here for 1 hr appointments not 30 mins or 15 mins which some offer incall. LFK is light french kissing. on September 7, 2011 at 5:46 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill MSOG and a number of other terms were covered in the previous column. And I’m not saying CIM is “new”, what I’m saying is that most high-end escorts in the United States used to avoid it in the ’80s and ’90s but have recently begun to offer it again. on September 7, 2011 at 6:22 pm | Reply krulac But, in reality – is “CIM” any more dangerous than “BBBJ”? Men always dribble a bit before they shoot. on September 7, 2011 at 6:59 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill It all depends on what the girl’s doing while performing. Speaking only for myself, I absolutely never let anything go any farther than my mouth. on September 8, 2011 at 11:42 pm | Reply JJ Lol is your husband fine with that? on September 9, 2011 at 12:05 am | Reply Maggie McNeill That was past tense, love, and I was speaking of professional interactions rather than personal ones. You may rest assured that my husband has no complaints.😉 on September 9, 2011 at 5:24 am | Reply JJ Lol your husband is a lucky man. Wish I got a chance to see. U b4 u retired😦 on September 9, 2011 at 8:39 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Thank you, JJ!🙂 on September 7, 2011 at 5:42 pm | Reply c99 I dont think CIM is new. In NYC it was very standard for years. on September 8, 2011 at 12:24 am | Reply n/a How many confirmed cases of HIV derive from heterosexual unprotected oral sex? For either party to the act. on September 8, 2011 at 9:29 am | Reply Maggie McNeill None. But there are serious diseases other than HIV. on September 8, 2011 at 12:37 am | Reply Ornithorhynchus So what percentage of hookers do kissing nowadays (if you even know)? I can still remember the first time I heard (from Phil Donohue) that most hookers refused to kiss. I was utterly shocked, and to this day I still find it hard to believe that one could get many customers with such a policy. I would think that kissing would be one of the most important parts of the experience. Maybe I’m a little weird, though. on September 8, 2011 at 9:36 am | Reply Maggie McNeill All that advertise as GFE, which is certainly over half. And you’re totally wrong about the avoidance of kissing being a big problem; there’s a vast difference between announcing “I don’t kiss” and simply avoiding it. I kissed only clients I really liked, and even then I’m not really much of a kisser, yet I was the most popular escort in New Orleans for years. A friend of mine who is an internet independent tells me she largely avoids kissing, yet has plenty of regulars and “DFK” appears in all her reviews. on September 8, 2011 at 8:18 am | Reply bdevereaux On posters versus lurkers: Some posters tend to be chest beating, cock swinging, narcissists wanting to show off to the other guys. What many don’t realize is we read the posts and will “DNS” a guy based off of what they say on the boards (for the reason stated above by krulac). To add a few more terms if I may: TGTBT – Too good to be true. If you see an ad (usually on sites like backpage) of some hot looking young thing that could be a supermodel in Brazil, it’s usually TGTBT and it’s either a sting or a bait and switch. GPS – Golden Pussy Syndrome. Usually complained about by guys who really want to see her but consider her overpriced for their budget. Therefore they accuse her of GPS, saying that she has priced herself too expensive. SDS – (this is a term I made up) Special Dick Syndrome. A guy that thinks he is so great he deserves a discount or that any rules you may have don’t apply to him. on September 8, 2011 at 9:40 am | Reply Maggie McNeill LOL, in New Orleans our term for what you call “GPS” was “platinum pussy syndrome”; I mentioned it in my column of last August 24th. As for the last one there, I used to take pleasure in popping the balloons of (usually young) pompous guys who said stupid things like “I’m young and good-looking, do I get a discount?” by responding with something like, “Oh, you’re young? We charge more for guys under 30 because they’re much more difficult to deal with.” We didn’t really, but I enjoyed hearing them backpedal. on September 10, 2011 at 8:00 am | Reply FlectiNonFrangi Lurker: A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them. These are the good sort of hobbyists… The forums are my Facebook. I don’t want to see pictures of or hear stories of peoples grandchildren. We have a lot of good natured kidding on ECCIE. To think that I am thought of in a negative light because I enjoy posting is really not fair. on September 10, 2011 at 8:48 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I certainly didn’t mean to imply that all the clients who post are bad ones; in fact you might look at my original definition of “hobbyist” from one year ago today, which points out that many hobbyists are among the best of clients! I merely meant that a certain group of those who post frequently are dedicated to bad behavior, and that the lurkers are usually outside of that. It is true, however, that I’ve heard many escorts make blanket negative statements about hobbyists, so perhaps those like yourself who are concerned about being included in that should make an effort to rein in those who engage in the odious behaviors. on August 2, 2013 at 4:00 pm | Reply MadisonElegant i wonder why kissing is so important to men… hell they can’t even do it right… i do not mind but some guys kiss like it is their first time in the back seat of the car,,, way too aggressive can’t control their tongue and then half of them want to stick it in your throat… get a grip on August 2, 2013 at 11:57 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom A lot of women complain, outside of their hearing, that the men in their lives are bad at this, that, or the other thing. Inside of his hearing they tell their men that they are sexual supermen. So why do you THINK men don’t improve their technique? If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it, and we’ve all been told by the one person who should know that it ain’t broke. on February 3, 2015 at 10:40 pm | Reply NightMoves I took up the new hobby about 6 months ago. I am in my 60’s and my wife closed up shop about ten years ago. Prior to that, I was monogamous. Three ladies into my experience, I am delighted and feel so much better about myself. I always make sure I am welcomed back, through a respectful demeanor and gifts. I am lucky to have met them! Also, your deciphering the various acronyms is VERY helpful! on August 28, 2015 at 8:13 pm | Reply dave ROSES, this used to mean $50, because a $50 bill is red. This was standard pre-internet language in classified ads in papers, you could not mention money in any way, so rates were always quoted as a number of roses. This recent use resurgence of roses to mean dollars is very silly. on March 11, 2016 at 6:05 pm | Reply Sarg@Arms Only in Canada, Dave! Only in Canada! Comments RSS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Ways to buy my book This Month September 2011 S M T W T F S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Old Posts Old Posts Select Month October 2016  (7) September 2016  (30) August 2016  (31) July 2016  (31) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (31) February 2016  (29) January 2016  (31) December 2015  (31) November 2015  (30) October 2015  (31) September 2015  (30) August 2015  (31) July 2015  (31) June 2015  (30) May 2015  (31) April 2015  (30) March 2015  (31) February 2015  (28) January 2015  (31) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (30) October 2014  (31) September 2014  (30) August 2014  (31) July 2014  (31) June 2014  (30) May 2014  (31) April 2014  (30) March 2014  (31) February 2014  (28) January 2014  (31) December 2013  (31) November 2013  (30) October 2013  (31) September 2013  (30) August 2013  (31) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (31) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (31) February 2013  (28) January 2013  (31) December 2012  (31) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (31) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (31) July 2012  (31) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (31) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (31) February 2012  (29) January 2012  (31) December 2011  (31) November 2011  (30) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (30) August 2011  (31) July 2011  (31) June 2011  (30) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (31) February 2011  (28) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (30) October 2010  (31) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (31) July 2010  (22) Call me Enter your email address to follow "The Honest Courtesan"; you'll be notified by email whenever Maggie posts something new. Become a Blog Patron If you want to donate but don't want a recurring charge, you can send any amount you like via PayPal to my email address (see below). Be sure to include a note so I can thank you! Contact Maggie If you'd like to ask me a question, click here. If you made a comment and it doesn't appear within a few hours, click on this one. If you'd like to alert me to an interesting item, use this one. And if you have a request, bouquet or brickbat or just want to introduce yourself, this is the one for you. A Few References Ad Scortum Advice for Clients Frequently Told Lies Guided Tour Handy Figures House Rules King of the Hill Maggie's Amazon Wishlist Safety in Numbers Where's My Comment? Friends of Whores Amazing Women Rock An Anthology of English Pros Cliterati Econjeff Feminist Ire Judgy Bitch Literate Perversions Marijke Vonk Narco Polo Nobody's Business Paper Bird Popehat Radley Balko RTFTLC Sarah Woolley Sex and the State Simple Justice Stanley Siegel Talk Geek to Me The Naked Anthropologist Windy Pundit Organizations & Allies Desiree Alliance ESPLERP FIRST International Prostitutes Collective International Sex Worker Foundation for Art, Culture and Education International Union of Sex Workers Naughty New Orleans Network North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition Prostitutes' Education Network Sex Work Activists, Allies and You Sex Worker Open University Sex Workers Outreach Project Sex Workers Without Borders St. James Infirmary SWOP-NOLA Touching Base Women With a Vision Resources Decriminalization Success in New Zealand Dr. Brooke Magnanti on "How To Blog Anonymously" Legal Status of Prostitution by Country Logical Fallacies Loose Women or Lost Women? Sex Trafficking: The Abolitionist Fallacy Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work The Mythology of Prostitution The Philosophy of Liberty Third Wave Foundation's Pro-Sex Work Statement World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights Whorish Media After Hours Bound, Not Gagged Brooke Magnanti was a Sex Worker! Castrating Bitch Girl Furry Girl's Feminisn't Harlot's Parlour Kelly James vs. the TSA La Libertine's Salon Open Source Sex Post-Whore America Sina More Stuff Sex Workers Eat The Honest Catesan The Sex Myth The Time Waster Tits and Sass Vixen for Hire Maggie on TwitterMy Tweets Boring but necessary legal stuff All original content on this website (i.e. all of my columns, pages and anything else which I write myself) is protected under international copyright law as of the time it is posted; though you may link to it as you please or quote passages (as long as you attribute the quote to me), please do not reproduce whole columns without my express written permission. In other words, you have to say "pretty please with sugar on top" first, and then wait for me to say "okey-dokey". Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. WPThemes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home About Definitions Start Here! The Escort Lover The Dirty View From A John's Eyes Stay updated via RSS Latest Posts More Sugar Baby Stuff! The Flood Gates Open SB Haters… Life of a Sugar Daddy: 2013 Edition Sugar Babies and Mailbags: The Return Pornscorts: A Fascinating Category of Escorts The Escort Who Couldn’t Be My Sugar Baby The Beginner’s Guide to Being A Sugar Baby Mad Sugar Babies Read Here Reviews Rewritten: Courtnie Categories Escorts (27) AMPs (6) Providers (Agencies) (6) Providers (Independents) (15) Strip Clubs (4) Sugar Babies (19) SWs (4) Informational (11) My Experiences (19) Reviews Rewritten (3) Uncategorized (1) The Anatomy of a Session Posted: November 27, 2010 in Informational, Providers (Independents) Tags: escort review boards, escort screening sites, escorts, hobby, hookers, independent, prostitution, sex, theescortlover 19 If you’re just now reading my blog for the first time, click on any of the interesting-looking categories to the left to read some of my past posts, or just go ahead and start from the beginning.  It’ll get you started, at least, so you’re not lost or confused! ————————- Most of you seem to want to know exactly how a “session” or “date” with an escort comes about.  Well, I will give you the run down of what it is like to see an independent escort (AMPs and SWs are different experiences, but I think I’d rather cover them on an experiential basis, since I have good stories about both) so that you can get just a little taste of how this underground world works! For starters, where in the hell does one find an escort?  Believe it or not, there are a few sources that you can turn to.  Prior to the internet, you either had to know someone OR you could look in the Yellow Pages.  Yes, if you still get phone books, there WILL be listings for some agencies in there if there are any in your area.  I’ve never gone that route, mostly because I’ve heard that they are much more hit-or-miss from the perspective of getting a “good girl” (yes, that is very rude). The 2nd option, and the one that I would venture to say is the most common way that guys and girls play in the hobby, is to go on Craigslist (prior to it closing the adult section down) or Backpage.  For those of you who don’t know, Backpage is essentially Craigslist, just less well known.  It still has dedicated pages for each city, and it certainly has all of the non-sex stuff that Craigslist does (though again, less known).  But, it does have an adult section. If you were to go through Backpage (BP for short), you are best served going to the “Escorts” or “Body Rubs” sections under ADULT.  You can find some other sex stuff in other areas, but for the most part, if you call a number off a page from those two sections, you are likely going to find what you are looking for. Now, there are a couple of drawbacks to using BP.  First of all, you have no way of knowing if the woman is real or not.  She could be an undercover cop, and you could be walking into a bust.  Secondly, you have no idea how good this chick is, even if she IS who she says she is in (which is a crapshoot with BP girls).  Something you may not know as a new hobbyist is that most BP girls are pretty boring lays and they have limited menus (ie. things you can or cannot do with them sexually), and even though they ARE cheaper than the next method (and often you can get them to give you discounted half hour and “quickie” rates, which is rare to find for the next group as well), they often are really only desireable if you literally just want to fuck a warm body. To schedule with these girls, you usually just call or text their listed number, schedule a time, and then show up.  They are usually good for last minute appointments as well, since the bulk of their business are one-time hits off of BP. The final group of girls you can schedule with, and the ones that are most reliable and valuable, are the “review board girls”.  In the hobby, it is VERY important that you be selective with who you see.  That allows you to be discreet, have a good session, and get the most value for your dollar.  Well, prior to the internet, it was pretty much impossible to know which girls were good or not without knowing someone who had seen them.  Then the internet came along, and you have review boards. Escort review boards are exactly what they sound like:  they are a forum system designed to act as a central database for hobbyists and johns to review the details of their sessions with the escorts they’ve seen, to provide information to other hobbyists so that they can make an informed decision about whether or not to schedule a session with an escort.  The more well-reviewed the escort is, the higher the likelihood of getting good value out of the session.  The more poorly-reviewed, the less the likelihood (and also the less likely she will be reviewed at all after 2 or 3 poor reviews).  Little-reviewed girls are often what are called “TOFTT girls”, standing for Take One For The Team, since they are unknowns and the session experience being unpredictable. Obviously, any escorts that are conscious of their image pay close attention to these reviews.  Most sites won’t let the full details of a review be shared with the provider (often shared in a private section called “The Rest of the Story” for established/paying reviewers).  There are often sections of each ERB where escorts can advertise, posting an updated pictures, updates rates/services, or just to bring themselves to the forefront of any horny guy’s search for his next lay. I won’t post any links, but if you are interested, I may chat with you privately about these review boards.  Look me up on Twitter (http://twitter.com/theescortlover) if you want. Often, with providers that post ads on escort review boards, I scroll through all of the ads, flag ones that I find interesting (I usually jot down their information – handle, ad menu/pricing listings, etc.), and then research them to see if they are legitimate options.  I often am left with a list of several potential ladies to see, and I keep that “list” running until its exhausted (haven’t exhausted it in the 2 years I’ve been doing this, FYI, because I keep adding to it constantly by sheer circumstance). When I’ve decided on which escort I’d like to see, I usually contact them via the method they ask to be contacted by (e-mail, private message on that board, call, text, or screening through a 3rd party screening website – which I will discuss more in future posts or questions you can ask me later) to request an appointment.  I prefer texting or e-mail, since I can do that no matter where I am very easily.  Once I am screened (I can go through the “screening process” in later posts, like mentioned above), we usually set a date, and I call 24 hours in advance to confirm the date. It’s important to note here that, if a provider confirms they will see you at this 24 hour point, it is a HUGE no-no for them, reputation wise, to cancel your session after that for any reason other than an emergency (often unverifiable, so it’s hobbyist discretion whether to forgive and forget).  Some hobbyists have tight windows (heh) under which they can hobby, due to family/wife excuses, work scheduling, etc., so good providers always err on the side of caution at the risk of taking a reputational hit on these sites. Now, once you get to this point, the experience is ESSENTIALLY the same regardless of whether it is a BP girl or an ERB girl (I will notate any differences). About an hour or two prior to the session, you either call or text the girl, and she then gives you directions to her incall (the place where she is “working”).  This place is often NOT her home, even if she lives in the area.  If you are seeing a BP girl, you will 90% of the time be going to a hotel (a good majority of these girls are from out of town – traveling 2-3 hours so they aren’t working where people know them), with the other 10% being their actual home (since they are usually not responsible/careful enough to know better if they live locally).  If you see a ERB girl, she will often have an apartment (often shared with at least one other provider – I’ve heard of up to 6 before) dedicated to her “business” if she is local, or it will be at a NICER hotel if she is from out of town.  A small grouping (ie. the actual single girls that don’t expect much company) will use their actual home, as one 23-year old did for me last Saturday when I walked to her downtown high rise apartment. You will usually have a two- or three-call system:  You call an hour before OR right when you are ready to leave, and she will tell you the general area to travel to (“call me when you get to the airport” “go up ::highway:: and call me when you exit ::exit name::”, etc.) and to call her when you get there.  I like to keep in pretty good touch with girls prior to sessions, so I’m usually texting with them up to 3 hours prior just to avoid any communication breakdown.  Then, once you are at the area, she will give you detailed directions to her apartment/house/hotel, and then give you the specific number/directions to her door once you are there (if necessary). For me, the most nerve-wrecking part of every experience is the minute from when I park in the parking lot/driveway to when I walk up and knock on the door.  This is often the time I have a mini-panic attack and have to force myself to go through with the session (especially if the path is crowded ie. people are around) anyway. Knock, knock, knock.  The door opens, and there she is.  The first impression I get when that door opens often will guide the session, and it would take a big swing either positive or negative to affect it after that.  Usually an awkward pleasantry and hug is exchanged, followed by some menial chit chat. Etiquette says that you are supposed to place the “donation” (it’s illegal to pay for sex) in an unmarked envelope on a plainly visible surface, and not to mention it.  This way, you are not going to get caught by an undercover provider in the act of soliciting sex (though obviously it will look bad just being there, but legally I’m pretty sure you are ok) from a prostitute, and the provider likewise doesn’t trap herself either.  Most providers will not raise a fit if you don’t have an envelope.🙂 After that is done, I usually ask to use the restroom, where I wash my hands, among other preparatory actions. At this point, it really is a matter of who acts first.  Since I have a really hard time initiating sex with someone personally (childhood issues), even if they ARE a hooker, I often will just chat with them and sit on the bed (BP) or couch (ERB usually) until they make the first move.  Sometimes (and this happens almost all of the time when you are paying for a session that is less than an hour – half-hour or quickie), the provider simply starts getting naked, and this is usually your clue to also get naked, and you both jump on the bed. From there, you basically have sex (or whatever you paid for – you can pay for blowjobs only, or massages, etc.).  The only quirks depend basically on their menu offerings.  If it is a BP girl, you will likely be jerked off until hard, then she will put a condom on you, blow you until you are ready to fuck, and then lube herself up (honestly, watching a girl lube up is NOT hot…).  Almost all BP girls are CBJ (covered blowjob – BJ with a condom). Ok, let me go ahead and give you a VERY BASIC menu rundown: Kissing – BP girls usually don’t allow it.  For others, it varies between LFK (basically closed mouth kissing) and DFK (full on makeout), or none at all. Oral (her): DATY or FIV will often be listed if done (during review) or available (in ad).  DATY is Dining At The Y (eating out), and FIV is Fingers In Vagina (fingers in vagina).  There’s usually no difference between BP and ERB girls on this – totally woman dependent. Oral (you):  HJ, CBJ, or BBBJ (BBBJTCIM, BBBJTCIMNQNS) are your options, if allowed.  Hand Job is pretty obvious, and don’t think I’ve never seen it offered (it’s often not listed because it’s so necessary).  CBJ was mentioned above, and this is a popular menu offering for BP girls.  I would say that there is a strong correlation between CBJ being the only thing a provider will do and the amount of GFE (girlfriend experience) you will get – basically meaning you are often only expecting a fuck buddy or purely “get off” type of session. BBBJ, or bareback blowjob, is almost a prerequisite for any ERB girl.  Most BP girls charge $200 or less per hour, and they often are CBJ with no GFE.  For an ERB girl, you are often paying at least $180-300 per hour, and you can almost always expect BBBJ with GFE.  ERB girls that do not offer both of these services usually end up being inactive on the boards, and revert back to BP. Note:  The prices I list are for MY AREA, which is considered on the higher side for my state.  You would have to research your specific area to find out the comparable average rates) Now, where ERB girls vary is on the issue of CIM (cum in mouth), CIMNQNS (cum in mouth, no quit, no spit – swallowing to be short), or none.  It’s very rare to see a girl charging higher than $200/hr that will not at LEAST do CIM, though it’s pretty much non-existant that a provider willing to take cum in her mouth will not just go ahead and swallow.  I know of two girls in my area off the top of my head that charge $300/hr (on the high side) and do NOT do CIM, and both of them are probably in the top 5 looks-wise for this area, and also two of the youngest (<25 years old). Sex: Honestly, you know all the acronyms for this (what is CG? what is RCG? what is K9? You got it).  I don’t know of any providers that have any vaginal sex positions that are off limits.  I’d be interested to know if there are any.  The only two things that I know will vary from provider to provider is anal sex and fetishes (hair pulling, slapping, bondage, toys, etc.).   For fetishes, you really just need to check with the provider.  I don’t think any that WOULD do a fetish would charge extra for it, but that’s not my scene.  For anal, BP girls usually use their booty holes as a convenient opportunity to get an extra $50 or so from you (most guys into anal gladly pay), and I think it is free, though provider dependent, for anyone else.  Since I’m not into anal personally, I can’t really speak on it. FINISH:  CIM, COF, COB, CIV, MSOG – CIM already mentioned.  As far as the other ways to finish, they imply that you would be uncovered when cumming (otherwise you just cum in the condom) – cum on face, cum on body (often you need to clear the area of the body, though), and cum in vagina.  I don’t know of any providers that offer the option to let you cum inside their vagina uncovered.  In fact, if there are any, they probably would not advertise it for fear of being identified as someone who is not safe. MSOG is multiple shots on goal, or cumming more than once per session.  For most sessions that last less than an hour, you almost never seen MSOG offered due to the length of time it takes to get one pop (one time to cum), much less two or more.  I have, though, seen MSOG offered for 30-minute “french” (blowjob only) sessions.  BP girls often do not offer MSOG at all, and use the opportunity of multiples to upsell you.  ERB girls typically will use the line “you pay for my time”, and will allow MSOG, especially to regulars.  Since I admittedly cannot fuck for an hour (or even 30 minutes) without cumming, MSOG is often a very important menu offering that has to be offered (I have a funny story about this I hope to post eventually). Afterwards, the girl usually will take the condom off for you if necessary and give you a wipe or warm towel to clean up with, and then it is almost universally polite conversation while you get dressed (some girls stay naked, some put on just underwear, it varies) and ready to leave.  Sometimes, almost exclusively for ERB girls, a shower is offered so that you can clean up in case you need to return to family/work. Upon leaving, you exchange hugs and a promise to visit again soon, and then you leave. So, that’s pretty much all there is to it.  That’s the entire process from idea, to discovery, to scheduling, to session.  If you are an ERB member, you may ask them if it is ok to review them (you get credits for reviewing that is used to give you free private access – some providers do not want public reviews).  If you are a third-party screening site member, you may ask for an “okay” (to be explained later, if necessary). I hope you guys found this interesting.  Please please please comment on here and tell me what you think.  Also comment and give me any suggestions for posts YOU’D like to see, and I’ll try to incorporate them into my blog as best I can. Again, please follow me on Twitter – http://twitter.com/theescortlover – I interact with ANYONE who @mentions me on there (unless you’re a spambot), so @ me and we can talk about whatever you read here or whatever you think based on having stumbled across this thing! Rate this: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google More Email Print Reddit LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Comments ktalin says: November 30, 2010 at 6:15 am haha i actually own a striptease,escorts,amateur models website and they are very good at what they do Reply Piper says: December 4, 2010 at 12:51 pm I find the hugging part oddly amusing. Very informative and an interesting insight into the “scene.” Reply Screening and Being Screened | The Escort Lover says: December 16, 2010 at 10:53 pm […] hobby and what each tier brings me (reviewed here), and I even now know what to expect (chronicled here), HOW DO I […] Reply Lisa says: November 4, 2011 at 4:05 pm I’ve always wondered about this whole scene. Your blog is incredibly interesting, thanks for sharing! Reply Giotto says: February 12, 2012 at 12:46 am can you tell me of an escort that will do a virgin or anything of the like Reply Chris moyer says: July 16, 2016 at 5:26 pm Dont lose your virginity to a hooker. Its part of becoming a man. Manhood cannot be purchased. I feel like your father should have taught you that at some point. Reply escort toronto says: January 13, 2014 at 6:05 am I found your site really awesome and informative so i should share this and i did it Reply TE says: June 19, 2014 at 11:40 am Thanks for this post, I’m looking at it as much as etiquette and instructional as educational. Reply Jay Damasio says: July 26, 2014 at 2:47 pm Lol. The cumming in the vagina myth is true. Hooked up with an escort in 2012, my first one. Cool, beautiful, super smart. She was fun even before stator naked. She allowed me to cum inside her in exchange for the additional money to buy a morning after pill. I was the only guy she had allowed to do that in 4 years of work, or so she said. She bought the pill, and that was cool. Well, this became a regular occurrence. Except for the pill part. She just started pocketing the cash. It was a couple of months later, when she sent me the pics of her swollen belly. She said it was cool, and that it was her responsibility. Her boyfriend knew the risks, so he was going to raise him. Call me a freak, but having a fine little escort let me knock her up…what a fucking turn on. Good looking kid, but she doesn’t want me around, because her boyfriend will freak out. I’m one and done on escort bareback though. Luck runs out. Reply Tracy Lombardo says: September 10, 2014 at 6:00 am Can you tell me what the definition is of asking for an ANDREA or A? Reply Singapore Escort Job says: November 7, 2014 at 7:34 am “The Anatomy of a Session” good to see this post will recommend to my friends also. Reply slim delfino says: December 15, 2014 at 6:02 am i needed this bro. idk who you are, but youre the shit homie. Reply Dale Cooper says: January 7, 2015 at 11:23 pm I’m a newbie at this. BP adds sometimes say “No explicit talk over the phone.” So how do I find out if I can cum on her face or fuck her in the ass before I actually get in the same room as her? Reply Kramer says: February 10, 2015 at 4:12 pm The best way to check things out is to join “TheEroticReview” (TER), pay a little to become a VIP member, search for what you seek in your area, then read the profiles and reviews. Reply Chris Mujahadeen says: July 16, 2016 at 5:29 pm You cant man, thats part of the risk you run each and every time Reply Georgia O'Keefe says: November 30, 2015 at 2:11 am How pathetic and seriously discerning you are as a human being. I am disgusted by the very nature of how you view these woman who are someones sister, daughter, grandchild,mother, etc. Truley you are a loser with obvious issues that unfortunately can not be resolved at this point in life. Suicide is w.o. a doubt your best option now in life. Please do all of us a favor and die quietly. Amazing piece of shit you are…. Reply Bigwheat says: July 15, 2016 at 11:37 pm Get out of here! This is very informative , especially for trying to find a girl for me and my wife to have sex with and for my wife to swap my cum with the escort Reply Rick says: January 4, 2016 at 8:59 pm Outstanding article! Reply wow says: February 9, 2016 at 4:14 am ugh! I just puked in my mouth. PIM… is that what they call it? If I don’t do it, my profit margin will stink probably? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. The Levels of Hobbying My First Experience Blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
jump to content my subreddits announcementsArtAskRedditaskscienceawwblogbookscreepydataisbeautifulDIYDocumentariesEarthPornexplainlikeimfivefoodfunnyFuturologygadgetsgamingGetMotivatedgifshistoryIAmAInternetIsBeautifulJokesLifeProTipslistentothismildlyinterestingmoviesMusicnewsnosleepnottheonionOldSchoolCoolpersonalfinancephilosophyphotoshopbattlespicsscienceShowerthoughtsspacesportstelevisiontifutodayilearnedTwoXChromosomesUpliftingNewsvideosworldnewsWritingPromptsedit subscriptions front -all -random |  AskReddit -funny -pics -videos -worldnews -todayilearned -gifs -news -gaming -aww -Showerthoughts -movies -mildlyinteresting -Jokes -television -nottheonion -tifu -science -photoshopbattles -food -space -explainlikeimfive -Music -LifeProTips -TwoXChromosomes -IAmA -Futurology -UpliftingNews -creepy -OldSchoolCool -EarthPorn -Art -sports -WritingPrompts -books -DIY -personalfinance -nosleep -GetMotivated -dataisbeautiful -askscience -gadgets -Documentaries -history -philosophy -listentothis -InternetIsBeautiful -announcements -blogmore » reddit.com  comments Want to join? Log in or sign up in seconds.| English use the following search parameters to narrow your results: subreddit:subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author:username find submissions by "username" site:example.com find submissions from "example.com" url:text search for "text" in url selftext:text search for "text" in self post contents self:yes (or self:no) include (or exclude) self posts nsfw:yes (or nsfw:no) include (or exclude) results marked as NSFW e.g. subreddit:aww site:imgur.com dog see the search faq for details. advanced search: by author, subreddit... this post was submitted on 15 May 2010 226 points (75% upvoted) shortlink: remember mereset password login Submit a new link Submit a new text post daily reddit gold goal 76% help support reddit reddit gold gives you extra features and helps keep our servers running. We believe the more reddit can be user-supported, the freer we will be to make reddit the best it can be. Buy gold for yourself to gain access to extra features and special benefits. A month of gold pays for 231.26 minutes of reddit server time! Give gold to thank exemplary people and encourage them to post more. This daily goal updates every 10 minutes and is reset at midnight Pacific Time (7 hours, 17 minutes from now). Yesterday's reddit gold goal 112% This is an archived post. You won't be able to vote or comment. 225 226 227 I want to hire an escort. Suggestions? (self.AskReddit) submitted 6 years ago * by coaxial to /r/AskReddit Okay, I know what everyone's thinking. Go out into this beautiful world and meet some women. I do that. I'm good with women (I promise), and I have always had a healthy sex life. I've just been fascinated with the idea of hiring an escort who is bombshell hot. Please don't downvote me! Since I trust reddit a lot, and I have been a long time poster (under a different name, of course), I'm going to you guys for advice. I didn't know if I should post this in any other specific subreddit, but askreddit seems to be the best place for people with a surplus of knowledge to help me out. I did some searching for escort review websites, but most look sketchy as hell and require log-ins (some even require you to pay to log-in)! I want to do this right without getting ripped off. Advice would be great. Thanks. 578 comments share top 200 commentsshow 500 sorted by: best topnewcontroversialoldrandomq&alive (beta) [–]KnowYourPorn 77 points78 points79 points 6 years ago (60 children) Most escort review sites have you pay because they don't want any random mofo or police to start busting people. Also there are a few that are actually reputable, so you have to know where to look. Hot girls will run you around 300/hr depending where you live. The average price is like 150/hr, and some of those aren't bad either but you gotta watch out for bait/switch where they use stock photos to screw you. If you live in one of the major hubs of the US, you can probable get a deal. Any major city in TX is great, Louisiana, LA, etc. you can have a wide variety, but if you don't live in a major city you're kind of fucked. Also go for someone who is an independent, meaning no pimp, boss, whatever. You can determine this through review sites you saw, or just judging by the initial call. A LOT of independent require references now, meaning other escorts you fucked before JUST to even meet them, so you can't just jump in the water, you gotta wet your feet first. The game has changed now where these girls are much smarter than your average streetwalker, so if you're thinking of getting a super hot girl you better be ready to jump through some hoops, otherwise you wont be meeting anyone. permalink embed save give gold [–]coaxial[S] 18 points19 points20 points 6 years ago (56 children) I live in a major city. I'd prefer an independent girl too. Some type of Law Student or something who is just doing this on the side for the cash. Is this an improbable fantasy? I don't like the idea of giving out too much information to get an in for any escort service, especially when there's reasonable doubt as to whether or not the girl I select actually shows up. With that said, what are some specific sources I should refer to when hiring an escort? Any specific review website, or agency you recommend? Any blog or website designed for the first-timer? permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 66 points67 points68 points 6 years ago (1 child) I don't like the idea of giving out too much information to get an in for any escort service, especially when there's reasonable doubt as to whether or not the girl I select actually shows up. You have to understand - you're looking to screw someone hot without getting screwed over, but these girls are looking not to get killed. It's not unreasonable for them to want some kind of information about you as a human being before they accept you as a client. permalink embed save parent load more comments (1 reply) [–]bechus 85 points86 points87 points 6 years ago (10 children) Is this an improbable fantasy? You realize they'll just tell you whatever you want to hear, right? You'll probably get the number #1 law student at a top ten school who is going to clerk for the supreme court when she graduates. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]lawmage 32 points33 points34 points 6 years ago (8 children) Tell her you want her to explain to you the rule against perpetuities. If she can do that she's legit :) permalink embed save parent give gold [–]foofus 13 points14 points15 points 6 years ago (1 child) However, the oral agreement governing this encounter may violate the statue of frogs. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]kylemech 14 points15 points16 points 6 years ago (0 children) Oh, there's going to be an oral agreement. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (6 replies) load more comments (1 reply) [–]KnowYourPorn 22 points23 points24 points 6 years ago (21 children) Actually I've met girls going for their masters so I don't think it's that uncommon. Anyways backpage.com is a hit or miss, it's like bobbing for apples and 90% of them are sour. A lot of the backpage girls are pretty emotionless when it comes to sex and really shouldn't be doing it at all, but there are some that are pretty nice when you get down to business. Preferred411 is probably the best but requires membership and requires a lot of work. eccie.net is also good, and cost is pretty cheap to see reviews. My first time was horrible, but if you can get over that hump you're golden. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Nixito 14 points15 points16 points 6 years ago (0 children) I'm not sure if your name makes me doubt you, or believe you to be credible. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (20 replies) [–]SomGuy 23 points24 points25 points 6 years ago (0 children) . Some type of Law Student or something who is just doing this on the side for the cash. Hmm.. I wonder how many law students are whores before they pass the bar? Thank you! Thank you! Please remember to tip your waitresses and bartenders. permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 12 points13 points14 points 6 years ago (2 children) Ok, Mr. Seaborn. permalink embed save parent [–][deleted] 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (1 child) YES! West Wing reference! permalink embed save parent load more comments (1 reply) [–]SloaneRanger 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (0 children) You like cute Asian dolls? Try Japan There are about 2,000 bars/clubs in the area I live offering this service. It wouldn't be too hard to find you a girl that speaks English, and they'll do the whole dinner/charm thing if you want. Plus you get a holiday into the bargain. permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 8 points9 points10 points 6 years ago (0 children) Yes, this is a very improbable fantasy. You're talking about a hooker right? permalink embed save parent [–]Stroggoth 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (1 child) Some type of Law Student or something who is just doing this on the side for the cash. Is this an improbable fantasy? I was humoring you for most of the post, but this statement told me you are clueless. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]Hussard 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (4 children) Its not improbable. My ex offered the 'girlfriend experience' to all of her clients. She worked for herself through Craigslist though, so you might have to sift through loads and loads of bots. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]needbizpartner 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (0 children) Yo whats her #? permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (3 replies) load more comments (8 replies) [–]eksai 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (1 child) Most escort review sites have you pay because they don't want any random mofo or police to start busting people. So cops don't have credit cards? The only reason any site starts charging is to make money...all the bullshit about "security" or "trust" is just a gimmick to make the idiots open their wallets permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [+][deleted] 6 years ago (33 children) [deleted] [–]qwak 159 points160 points161 points 6 years ago (5 children) A redditor escort! I guess you could call her... glasses ...a real karma whore permalink embed save give gold [–]chewbak 28 points29 points30 points 6 years ago (0 children) YYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (1 child) Would the upvotes that she gives to people be considered whore karma, then? permalink embed save parent [–]JMIJohn 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) This needs to be in philosoraptor format. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (2 replies) [–]chewbak 12 points13 points14 points 6 years ago (1 child) Well, lady, that is very good, very informative and very subtle advertisement. You probably have a bunch of emails in your inbox right now. permalink embed save give gold load more comments (25 replies) [–]NoCount 295 points296 points297 points 6 years ago (7 children) It really depends on your class. If you are a cleric I would recommend hiring a warrior or barbarian to tank for you. That way you can just sit back and keep him topped off and rest if you happen to run out of that day's spell casts. If you are a rogue or wizard I would recommend getting another high damage class to help you out- you might have closer calls then if you hired a cleric but you would likely get to your destination sooner- decreasing the amount you need to pay the escort (assuming its a daily/weekly fee). If you are a warrior or barbarian I would suggest getting the cleric. Just let him keep you healthy as you hack and slash your way through anything that gets in your way. Hope that helps. permalink embed save give gold [–]maurices_case 43 points44 points45 points 6 years ago (3 children) I can't believe I've read this far and I'm not turned on yet. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]jbardey 35 points36 points37 points 6 years ago (1 child) I put on my robe and wizard hat.. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]mst3kcrow 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (0 children) Go on... permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (2 replies) [–]atheistkitten 67 points68 points69 points 6 years ago (3 children) I am all for sex workers and hiring sex workers. Just please please please be aware that there are girls who are trafficked and if she looks abused, is really uncomfortable and clearly doesn't want to do something don't make her do it. Hire someone who likes their work and you will both have a better time. I know that the majority of sex workers are there on a voluntary basis but I have worked with trafficked women before and it is not pretty. The worst part is hearing the stories where they have told a client HELP ME and the client just rapes them, pays and leaves. permalink embed save give gold load more comments (3 replies) [–]hoyfkd 349 points350 points351 points 6 years ago (32 children) The price isn't too bad on her. permalink embed save give gold [–]ColdFusion87 95 points96 points97 points 6 years ago (12 children) Well she's 18, but she only has small bags. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]The_Dalai_Karma 61 points62 points63 points 6 years ago (9 children) For that kind of money, I'd get something with a little more junk in the trunk. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]junkytrunks 123 points124 points125 points 6 years ago (5 children) Did someone call me? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]RedditorForHowLong 34 points35 points36 points 6 years ago (1 child) 2 years. Fantastic! permalink embed save parent give gold [–]junkytrunks 7 points8 points9 points 6 years ago (0 children) Actually 3+ years for those keeping score at home. The Reddit trophy case has been broken for a long time now. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]sharty 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (0 children) Better hope they weren't talking to me. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (2 replies) [–]prezjordan 22 points23 points24 points 6 years ago (2 children) As long as there's no stick it's good in my book. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]g1bbm 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (1 child) if your gonna pay the premium price, it better be automatic. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]tylerni7 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) Yea, her headlights aren't too spectacular. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]christianjb 45 points46 points47 points 6 years ago (6 children) She's prefect. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]gfunk420 8 points9 points10 points 6 years ago (5 children) upvoted for ford prefect permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Lacquerhead 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (2 children) Aww dammit. Upvoted now that I get the reference. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]nishaft 8 points9 points10 points 6 years ago (1 child) Here's a towel for your tears. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (2 replies) load more comments (11 replies) [+][deleted] 6 years ago (35 children) [deleted] [–]coaxial[S] 84 points85 points86 points 6 years ago (14 children) Sure. permalink embed save give gold [–][deleted] 23 points24 points25 points 6 years ago (1 child) You're a new user and you got the username coaxial? The Internet is crazy. permalink embed save parent [–]Dagon 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (0 children) Im glad i wasnt the only one to think that. Up'n'orange'em. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (12 replies) [–]jayzon22 11 points12 points13 points 6 years ago (15 children) Also: pics or it didn't happen permalink embed save give gold [–]lechero 143 points144 points145 points 6 years ago (14 children) Pics. Or. It. Didn't. Happen. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]doublestop 20 points21 points22 points 6 years ago (4 children) Oh man you got me I clicked on them all hoping they'd be different links. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]WhatsUpWithTheKnicks 11 points12 points13 points 6 years ago (2 children) Me too. I think we made a false logical conclusion seeing all the dots. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Urban_Savage 22 points23 points24 points 6 years ago (1 child) Mouse hover? permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]duckandcover 1 point2 points3 points 6 years ago (0 children) Pretty damn funny though permalink embed save parent give gold [–]pics-or-didnt-happen 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (0 children) You called? permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (8 replies) load more comments (4 replies) [–]metalola 37 points38 points39 points 6 years ago* (15 children) Hey! I used to answer phones for a high-end escort service in NYC. We used multiple websites and craigslist to advertise with almost all stock photos of models to collect appointments, and then sent whoever was free, sometimes regardless of what the photo looked like. We would book appointments worth $12,000/hr next to appointments worth $300/hr with the same girl, same service. That said, the girls were actually hot, and fun, and seemed to enjoy their job. Our boss, the owner of the service was actually a very sweet guy, one of the nicest guys I've ever worked for. I challenge you to find a truly independent, good escort. Escort services are so much easier for women to use, there is added safety, and the hassle of finding appointments is left to someone else. Most girls in the industry are under a booking service. But if you're set on finding an independent, I recommend that you put an ad up on craigslist asking for escort services, offer (and pay) at least 300/hr and demand to speak with the girl you will be seeing, as in ask for a cell phone number, and talk to her. And a photo, obviously. Also, tip her alot. Thanks. permalink embed save give gold [–]busted0201 17 points18 points19 points 6 years ago (2 children) Hi! I used to work at place where we would rip people off big time but everybody was suuuuuuuper nice! permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (2 replies) [–]antipopular 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (4 children) I would love you to do an AMA or IAMA. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]metalola 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (1 child) I did, go look for it. I'm too lazy. permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (0 children) here... permalink embed save parent load more comments (2 replies) [–]zrgt 1 point2 points3 points 6 years ago (1 child) What's the difference between the 12000 and 300 an hour? Like do you advertise different places at different price points or is it more extreme stuff? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]metalola 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (0 children) There is no difference, is what I was trying to get at. We would ask for 12000 on a certain website and photo of a girl, and ask 300 on a different site and photo, and then would end up sending the same girl (who was probably not the photo to begin with.) permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (5 replies) [–]The_Dalai_Karma 11 points12 points13 points 6 years ago (0 children) Not too long ago on here, I saw a post listing how much porn stars were charging per shoot. Might be a better experience just to rent a video camera and hire a porn star. permalink embed save give gold [–][deleted] 45 points46 points47 points 6 years ago (4 children) You should totally have sex with her. permalink embed save [–]HowItEnds 27 points28 points29 points 6 years ago (3 children) NO TOUCHING! permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 11 points12 points13 points 6 years ago (0 children) MORE TOUCHING, MORE TOUCHING! -Michael permalink embed save parent load more comments (2 replies) [–]spankmoney 38 points39 points40 points 6 years ago (15 children) Depends on where you live at, escorts are expensive. Let us know where you live. my friend is a pimp, he said he will give you a discount. permalink embed save give gold [–]junkytrunks 40 points41 points42 points 6 years ago (7 children) my friend is a pimp You keep some great company. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]spankmoney 20 points21 points22 points 6 years ago (6 children) I grew up with the guy, and it does come with benefits. permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 7 points8 points9 points 6 years ago (5 children) You should get him to do an AMA. That'd be rather interesting. permalink embed save parent [–]throwaway_aplha1 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (3 children) Are you the DEA? permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 8 points9 points10 points 6 years ago (2 children) Now that is absolutely preposterous, my fellow internaut. I am a mere young man exceptionally curious about the whereabouts and identity of someone involved in a highly illegal activity. I am also fluent in L33T. permalink embed save parent [–]angryundead 9 points10 points11 points 6 years ago (1 child) Internaut is my new favorite word. I think I will put it on my business cards. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (7 replies) [–][deleted] 7 points8 points9 points 6 years ago (0 children) Artie Lange: If you leave the room make them clap, because every second they aren't clapping they are stealing your shit. permalink embed save [–][deleted] 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (0 children) Wear a condom that resembles bicycle shorts permalink embed save [+][deleted] 6 years ago (28 children) [deleted] [–]plato1123 27 points28 points29 points 6 years ago (20 children) you can bang a chick in Nevada for $100??? permalink embed save give gold [+][deleted] 6 years ago (18 children) [deleted] load more comments (18 replies) load more comments (1 reply) [–]coaxial[S] 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) If I do, I'll be sure to PM you for more info. :) permalink embed save give gold load more comments (6 replies) [–]plato1123 39 points40 points41 points 6 years ago (15 children) You can have my sister for $20 permalink embed save give gold [–]LOLUMADBRO 56 points57 points58 points 6 years ago (10 children) SLOPPY SECONDS! permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 10 points11 points12 points 6 years ago (9 children) Do I get a discount for thrids? Or we all just splitting the $20 fee? permalink embed save parent [–][deleted] 13 points14 points15 points 6 years ago (0 children) extra fee for typos permalink embed save parent [–]nmanning 8 points9 points10 points 6 years ago (5 children) I have $6 in my wallet. What will this get me? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Llamanaut 17 points18 points19 points 6 years ago (1 child) $4.38 permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 9 points10 points11 points 6 years ago (0 children) Fucking IRS. . . permalink embed save parent load more comments (3 replies) [–]Wastingtimeaway 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (0 children) I just wanna go last. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (4 replies) [–]pokie6 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (0 children) I have talked to someone pretty high up in that industry and she recommended eros.com. permalink embed save give gold [–]joebeck 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (3 children) Makes sense. They're pretty reliable and economical cars. permalink embed save give gold load more comments (3 replies) [–]lookslikespeed 16 points17 points18 points 6 years ago (17 children) Related: Is there a such thing as a 'super-condom', for these risque experiences? Like an add-on that covers your balls/pubic area more? permalink embed save give gold [–]RetPallylol 25 points26 points27 points 6 years ago (3 children) Tin foil around the condom, followed by seran wrap. permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 24 points25 points26 points 6 years ago (2 children) Followed by kevlar. permalink embed save parent load more comments (2 replies) [–]throw8866 9 points10 points11 points 6 years ago (0 children) Wait...it's weird if you can't fit your dick and balls into a condom? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]fulloffail 13 points14 points15 points 6 years ago (7 children) Doubt it. Also, never wear two condoms. They rub against each other and can actually break more easily than wearing one. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Thestormo 29 points30 points31 points 6 years ago (6 children) This is why you wear an odd number so that 2 will rub against each other and possibly break but the 3rd is golden so worst case scenario you're like you wore just one. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]UpDown 20 points21 points22 points 6 years ago (5 children) I'd do that but I'd be jealous of my condoms reaching orgasm before I do. permalink embed save parent give gold [+][deleted] 6 years ago* (4 children) [deleted] [–]alwayseasy 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (1 child) this is the best comment i've seen all week! permalink embed save give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (2 replies) [–]afreeworld 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (1 child) Female condom is bigger.. an option. permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) Came here to say this. The female condom lines a woman's vagina and also covers her vulva, so as long as you're careful in how you use it, it can help protect you against skin-to-skin transmitted diseases like HPV and herpes. permalink embed save parent [–]cballowe 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) You may want to read this forum permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]Willravel 13 points14 points15 points 6 years ago (0 children) Don't go down on her. permalink embed save give gold [–]SomGuy 14 points15 points16 points 6 years ago (7 children) Go to eastern Europe. Be American. Have a pulse. permalink embed save give gold [–]atheistkitten 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (2 children) speaking as an eastern euro girl we kind of think americans are "varenjaye"...meaning really slow, frumpy and dumb. haha no offence! permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (2 replies) [–][deleted] 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (0 children) You'll easily lose your pulse if you're too American over there. permalink embed save parent [–]n00bface 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (1 child) Yeah, no joke. Best time of my life. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (1 reply) [–][deleted] 57 points58 points59 points 6 years ago (28 children) I was staying over a few days doing some (unimportant) work in London and had been staying for the past 5 or 6 nights in a nice hotel room in Victoria. I was exceptionally bored after spending night after night eating donuts and taking ecstasy tablets and wanking until 5am. So on my last night I rang up a number for an escort from the back of a telpehone directory thingy in the hotel room. I asked the girl if she would mind doing 'exactly as I said for half an hour' and I would give her a hundred quid. She was very happy to oblige and was at my hotel in less than 15 minutes. Now I am a faithful guy to my gf so I didn't want to betray her. Also, I had dropped several doses of stimulant narcotics and my penis would have been no more effective than a flump in a bar fight. Instead I asked the girl, (Lyn, who I guessed was about 27/28 (I was 21) and I would say about 8/10 for attractiveness? to take off all her clothes and let me take some photos of her with my polaroid. She was absolutely THRILLED I didn't want to fuck her face and did loads of good poses for me. She even volunteered to stick stuff up her vagina for me but I didn't have anything to hand really, except for some food but I knew I would regret that. Anyway, to cut a long story short, I stuck my finger in her arsehole a few times while she was nude and she started taking my pants down but like I said, I was pilled up so she could have blown me all night and nothing would have happened. So I watched her kiss my balls for 5 minutes and then said she could go. I gave her a hundred bucks and felt it was money well spent tbh. And then Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade came on TV which I hadn't seen for quite a while so I watched that while I rang all my friends to tell them about my liaison. It was the best day ever. So, although this was completely irrelevant to the OPs query, I just wanted people to know that you can have fun by calling up a London prostitute who probably doesn't even need the money anyway. Edit: haha I forgot, the photos are lonnnnng gone, which makes it fine for you not to believe me. If my gf had ever found them she would have definitely, definitely killed me in my sleep. permalink embed save [–]Comowl 102 points103 points104 points 6 years ago (8 children) "Now I am a faithful guy to my gf so I didn't want to betray her." ... permalink embed save parent give gold [–]slanket 63 points64 points65 points 6 years ago (7 children) "...so I fingered a whore's asshole and let her kiss my balls..." It's not cheating if you finger a whore's asshole and she kisses your balls. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]iamrunningman 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (5 children) Not according to billy jeff clinton it ain't. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]slanket 1 point2 points3 points 6 years ago (3 children) Hmm, well then I'm gonna go fingerbang a whore's ass! permalink embed save parent give gold [+][deleted] 6 years ago (2 children) [deleted] [–]slanket 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (0 children) lol, butt permalink embed save give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (1 reply) [–]f33dback 12 points13 points14 points 6 years ago (0 children) Why would she kill you if you were faithful to her? Oh wait. You weren't. permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 37 points38 points39 points 6 years ago (4 children) naked escort photos + ball kissing + asshole fingering = angry girlfriend. yet =/= betrayal permalink embed save parent [–]camgnostic 13 points14 points15 points 6 years ago (3 children) Well when you put it like that... permalink embed save parent give gold [–]naner_j_puss 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (2 children) cs major spotted permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (1 child) No way, not enough != permalink embed save parent load more comments (1 reply) [–]Tekmo 22 points23 points24 points 6 years ago (2 children) I don't think faithful means what you think it means. Have you told your girlfriend about this? permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (1 child) I think it's pretty inconceivable that he did. permalink embed save parent load more comments (1 reply) [–]junkytrunks 12 points13 points14 points 6 years ago (3 children) How would she have known the pics were of you? Can she visually ID your ballbag? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]mexicodoug 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (2 children) Would you have the balls to do a scientific test in order to ascertain whether your gf can visually ID your scrotum or not? permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (2 replies) [–]Inconspicuously_here 9 points10 points11 points 6 years ago (0 children) Could you please tell me your definition of the word "faithful"? permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (5 replies) [–]wang-banger 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (0 children) All you need to know: http://www.dosmasks.com/stories/gfe.html permalink embed save give gold [–]sonofarex 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (2 children) I learned in Vegas that if you want to do a line of coke off their ass don't sit there and try to cut it into a line, just pour a pile and do a bump because they apparently don't like that feeling of a credit card scraping against their skin. That and negotiate the price beforehand. They will throw a number at you but don't take it. Low ball them and work from there permalink embed save give gold load more comments (2 replies) [–]sordidlyspeaking 7 points8 points9 points 6 years ago (4 children) oh jesus, why don't you just put up a craigslist ad with all the things you want. someone is bound to respond. be professional. -says the college graduate girl from texas. permalink embed save give gold [–]Hraes 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (3 children) You ever look at the w4m section on Craigslist? Never mind, don't, it's depressing. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]my_life_is_awesome 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (1 child) Like this one? http://newyork.craigslist.org/brk/w4m/1743094791.html permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (1 reply) [–]highonfire 32 points33 points34 points 6 years ago (15 children) Okay. You will need the following: A Slayer t-shirt An escort A boom box or a ghetto blaster two mini butterfingers the book Idiot by Dostoyevsky a glass table Take the two mini butterfingers and wipe them all over your balls/taint/asshole. Go to town on that shit. Make 'em all nasty and covered. Make sure the bits of the peanut butter candy are stuck into the chocolate. What you need to do is put the Slayer t-shirt on like they were shorts. Do that little shirt tie thing girls do to hold them up. Make that shit messy. I mean like your ass exploded in your shirt-pants. Put on some random talk radio station or even better, if you have a spanish channel. Throw it on that. Once she's in her room. Instruct her not to talk. Bend over doggy style and tell her to lift the shirt-pants up and give you a rim job and to blow you from behind. Like go back between your ass and your twig n berries. Once you're near getting off. Instruct her to squat on the glass table and take a shit while she reads the book and you watch from beneath. While she is doing that, masturbate. Finish up. Before you're about to leave. Punch her in the nose and run out and not give her any money. permalink embed save give gold [–][deleted] 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (2 children) The Dostoyevsky plug is lost on me but I find it even more hilarious. permalink embed save parent [–]highonfire 10 points11 points12 points 6 years ago (1 child) It's a critique on laundromats. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]KevRose 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (3 children) Please, someone needs to give this guy funding to create an epic fucking movie. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]verdantx 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (1 child) What should we call it? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]raisondecalcul 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) The Glass Table. It sounds classy. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (8 replies) [–][deleted] 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (0 children) Make sure you are not a senator. permalink embed save [–]notjawn 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (1 child) Unless you live in NY, LA, or Las Vegas you're gonna get some nasty skank. permalink embed save give gold [–]Trouble-Clef 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (0 children) I live in NY...I am intrigued, go on... permalink embed save parent give gold [–]electric_sandwich 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (4 children) Yes. Go to nana Plaza in Bangkok and hire 3. permalink embed save give gold load more comments (4 replies) [–]nailz1000 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (0 children) I have been a long time poster (under a different name, of course) You people are all such pussies. permalink embed save give gold [–]Gengiscant 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (1 child) throwaway account, just to let you know i got all the liqor robbed out of my apartment last night by a pro, so dont collapse when you are finished make sure she leaves without the TV, feel terrible today permalink embed save give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]AbandonedLogic 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago* (1 child) Funny you should mention this.. This morning I woke up to screaming, at first I thought it was a dream but then I realized I was awake and the screams came from within our gates.. First I should explain that we live in the city, and have an automated gate we use to drive our cars in, which can`t be opened manually. Behind the gate are 3 some apartments and houses of which we are living in one.. "Please please open the gate!.. Pleaeeeaaase!!!" I heard repeatedly. So I went out to investigate after putting on some clothes (it was 5am on a Sunday) and phone in hand, just in case.. I find a woman standing, without shoes, holding her purse which was on the opposite side of the gate (she was inside, the purse was not) and pleading with me to open the gate.. Turns out she was a "guest" of one of the other people living there, and apparently he failed at letting her out properly.. Moral of the story, if you invite one over, please show her out in the morning so your neighbors don`t have to.. permalink embed save give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]christoph8_21 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (0 children) You should try /r/shittyadvice permalink embed save give gold [–]weirdwithwords 10 points11 points12 points 6 years ago (5 children) Why not cum into a piece of fruit, e.g. Watermelon. permalink embed save give gold [–]For_the_hell_of_it 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (1 child) I have not before, or since, heard such a great use of the term "e.g.". permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (3 replies) [–]memberofthehoard 96 points97 points98 points 6 years ago (123 children) Here's the deal. Paying for sex always sucks. First of all, most escorts will have at least one form of disease and wearing condoms isn't a guarantee that you won't have to check yourself for genital herpes or warts in the future. Go to a McDonald's nearby and glance around at some of the gross people around you...would you get "sloppy seconds" after them? If you hire an escort, you just might be, because an escort usually will fuck anything that walks as long as you pay her the money. Secondly, escorts are almost never actually hot. Even if their picture looks fantastic, it's highly likely that a gat skank will show up at your door (the old bait-n-switch) knowing that you'll be too much of a gentlemen to just send her ugly ass home. And even if the picture is real...you'd be suprised what photoshop can do. You can go to forums like the erotic review (aka TER) and find out which ones are highly rated, but keep in mind that most people doing the rating are losers...so when they say "hot" they just mean "hotter than i could get for free". As to what you'll get: well, most likely what you'd expect. She might like you and try to please you, but most likely she'll want you to "finish" as quickly as possible so that she can get to her next appointment. In the end, you'll be $500 lighter, and realizing that although she doesn't look "too bad" that she actually kinda smells. Then you'll spend the next three hours rubbing your dick with soap hoping that you don't have a permanent case of herpes. Of course, there are some exceptions to the above. There are "pros" who charge $30k-$40k per night and are models who just want to hang out with a rich guy and get paid for it. In NYC it's a known way to get a sugar daddy. However, I doubt that's what you're looking for. The solution: go to a bar, buy some college girl some drinks and dinner then take her back to a hotel room and fuck her brains out. permalink embed save give gold [–]Rentun 202 points203 points204 points 6 years ago (73 children) The solution: go to a bar, buy some college girl some drinks and dinner then take her back to a hotel room and fuck her brains out. I LOVE when people give this advice. I love it because you say that like it's the simplest thing in the world. It's as if someone came to reddit and said "Reddit, my father has cancer. What do I do?" and someone responds "The solution: Just cure it." No one, not even Mathew McConaughey with Bill Gates' money has it this easy. For one, it's a ton of time invested. Two, even mustering up the courage to talk to a decent looking college girl at a bar is difficult. Third, if you get that far, there's a pretty decent chance she'll either blow you off immediately, or become bored after 10 minutes. Fourth, if everything goes swimmingly (big assumption) there is absolutely no guarantee you're going to have sex with her. Now, I'll preface before you say "WELL UR JUST BAD AT IT LOL" while I'm not Casanova, I do decently for myself. I'm just not under any illusions here. Getting laid is difficult. It's difficult for every guy, and it rarely ever pans out, so I could definitely see the allure of effortless, quick sex with a hooker. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]HappyCamper2233 8 points9 points10 points 6 years ago (2 children) Sorry but a movie star with Bill Gates' money DOES have it that easy... A movie star WITHOUT Bill Gates' money has it that easy... Brad Pitt walks into a college bar, he has to pay men money to keep the horny women off of him. Twilight dude walks into a college bar, he has to have an ambulance waiting outside for all of the overwhelmed women.. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]xenophobe51 18 points19 points20 points 6 years ago (1 child) Twilight dude walks into a bar and I hit him in the sparkly face with a bottle. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]Loggie 63 points64 points65 points 6 years ago (17 children) It's difficult for every guy Not necessarily true. All I have to do is walk into a gay bar and I'll have at least a couple people that would sleep with me. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Rentun 82 points83 points84 points 6 years ago (12 children) Alright, smartass. Gay guys get laid using hax. It's not a fair comparison at all. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Loggie 16 points17 points18 points 6 years ago* (10 children) Want to hear something even worse? My friend told me about this website that he goes to (Manhunt.net if you're curious). Well I decided that I'd make a profile really quick so I could find his and give him shit about it. I hadn't put up a description, or pictures, or anything and within 2 minutes of having made it literally had 3 people IM me asking for sex. Now they weren't necessarily attractive people, but still. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Huntred 27 points28 points29 points 6 years ago (0 children) Go on... permalink embed save parent give gold [–]johnnystorm 9 points10 points11 points 6 years ago (1 child) It's because they've already been with/tried to be with everyone else in the area and they're looking for some strange. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]WhiteMouse 17 points18 points19 points 6 years ago (0 children) r. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]itsmebitches 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (2 children) And at which point in the story did your friend fuck you in the ass? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Loggie 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (1 child) Haha, different friends. The one that told me about the website is gay. The one that boned me in the ass is straight. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (4 replies) load more comments (1 reply) [–]Semenantics 13 points14 points15 points 6 years ago (2 children) Some gay guys still pay. I took money for sex from guys for awhile, among other things. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]lostpilot 9 points10 points11 points 6 years ago (0 children) AMA? permalink embed save parent give gold [–]Loggie 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) I haven't gone so far as to do that. Not that I haven't thought about it (money for something I would do anyways? Awesome!). But I think when money is involved it's usually dealing with people that don't think they'd be able to sleep with you without it. Or maybe they just felt more comfortable just paying. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–][deleted] 22 points23 points24 points 6 years ago (12 children) No one, not even Mathew McConaughey with Bill Gates' money has it this easy. Uh, yeah, he does. I've been to the Playboy Mansion and I will tell you that yes, the 9.9+ women throw themselves at men who look like movie stars and have money. I'll wager the only time any Matthew McConaghey type doesn't take a pair of amazing women home is when he's out of town and takes them to his hotel suite. Having said that, honestly - anyone who looks McConagheyish and has a hotel suite to take women back only has to spend the night alone if they want to. permalink embed save parent [–][deleted] 7 points8 points9 points 6 years ago (1 child) Gimli went to the playboy mansion? Was that his other adventure? permalink embed save parent [–]wassailant 39 points40 points41 points 6 years ago (0 children) He didn't enjoy it as much as he'd hoped - 'nobody tosses a dwarf', as you well remember. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (10 replies) [–]Dantai 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (2 children) on a side note: A bad thing for me at the least... Bars and clubs tend to be extremely loud, so that makes conversation extra difficulty. Also the downtown spots that do not have extremely loud music, usually tend to have a table arrangement, so that would make it a little awkward to pull up a chair to a random groups table and begin flirting. But yeah the nightlife thing, is never easy, and if she is too easy...be careful. Just think how easy it would have been for other people too. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (2 replies) load more comments (35 replies) [–]plato1123 53 points54 points55 points 6 years ago (5 children) Obligatory: "You're not paying her to stay you're paying her to leave afterwards" lol permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (2 children) This is a very underrated movie. I'm glad I'm not the only one who saw it. :D permalink embed save parent [–]RodBlagojevich 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (1 child) Yuck. 5.1. Sorry, bro... I trust my IMDBz. permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) Don't trust the numbers. It's first funny, then oh sweet sex with hot chicks, damn this guy has a sex problem, oh my god he's ruining his life, sex with one hot girl. It's pretty all over the place. permalink embed save parent [–][deleted] 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) That's called alimony. permalink embed save parent load more comments (1 reply) [–][deleted] 67 points68 points69 points 6 years ago (3 children) escorts are almost never actually hot condoms don't work She'll be a shitty lay She'll smell It'll cost $500 dollars Why do people feel the need to give advice on subjects they obviously know nothing about? permalink embed save parent [–]SarcasmAlert 42 points43 points44 points 6 years ago (0 children) Why do people feel the need to give advice on subjects they obviously know nothing about? Hi, welcome to the internet. You are clearly new here. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]RodBlagojevich 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (1 child) Seriously, this guy's just talking bullshit. He obviously has no experience, only a simplistic rationalization. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [+][deleted] 6 years ago (4 children) [deleted] [–]y0y 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) You used to (or still do) work for DS, too? ;) permalink embed save give gold load more comments (3 replies) [–]coaxial[S] 9 points10 points11 points 6 years ago (0 children) "The solution: go to a bar, buy some college girl some drinks and dinner then take her back to a hotel room and fuck her brains out." I'm under 21, so it's hard to do. But this isn't necessarily about the sex as much as the notion of hiring an escort. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]ShesGotSauce 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (0 children) Excellent advice, college girls willing to get drunk and go to a hotel with strangers never have sexually transmitted diseases. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]HappyCamper2233 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (0 children) No one charges 40k a night with the possible exception of an A/B list movie star. Spitzer paid something like 1-2k for a 2 hour fuck session with Dupre, if anyone would have paid more for high quality and privacy it would have been him. Of course the models you speak of aren't really "escorts", they just fuck/date men who can afford to rent them a nice apartment, purchase them expensive clothes and supply them with all the nose candy a NYC model can desire. permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (1 child) There are different grades of escorts. Serious, higher-class sex workers get STI screenings regularly, insist on condoms, and build up a trusted clientele list of highly satisfied regulars. permalink embed save parent load more comments (1 reply) [–]ACSlater 43 points44 points45 points 6 years ago (7 children) Dude you have no idea what you're talking about. I live in the north shore suburbs of Chicago and some tranny gave me this escorts number to call, her name was Lana. She was smoking hot and I had the best sex I ever had in my life. That weekend was far and away the most exciting weekend I ever had. I drove my dad's porsche around, got chased by this crazy pimp and got accepted to Princeton. Time of my life. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]dmcnelly 7 points8 points9 points 6 years ago (0 children) Porsche; There is no substitute. permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 8 points9 points10 points 6 years ago (1 child) Slater, you may think you look like Tom Cruise, but I've met Tom Cruise and you, sir, are no Tom Cruise. permalink embed save parent load more comments (1 reply) load more comments (4 replies) [–]mrpickles 16 points17 points18 points 6 years ago (0 children) clearly, you're speaking straight out of your ass permalink embed save parent give gold [–]EggSauce 3 points4 points5 points 6 years ago (0 children) the old snatch-n-switch FTFY permalink embed save parent give gold [–][deleted] 7 points8 points9 points 6 years ago (2 children) The solution: go to a bar, buy some college girl some drinks and dinner then take her back to a hotel room and fuck her brains out. I just wanted to clarify something here - while it may be taken as implied, many men seem to miss the steps where you "talk to her" and "actually get her consent" for the last part. It's apparently an easy mistake to make. permalink embed save parent load more comments (2 replies) [–]Pedgi 9 points10 points11 points 6 years ago (2 children) "hotter than i could get for free" Uh, when was the last time you had sex with a woman for free? Last I checked a lot of them require emotional attachment, dinners, presents, &c. permalink embed save parent give gold [–]CarpeNivem 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) The last time I had sex "for free" it cost me two coffees. Now, considering I got to drink one of those coffees, I'd say that was a pretty good deal. permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]MajorLeeScrewed 1 point2 points3 points 6 years ago (0 children) What about that $1000 an hour call girl? permalink embed save parent give gold load more comments (12 replies) [–]blindfun 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (0 children) I recommend contacting Elliott Spitzer. permalink embed save give gold [–]fleshlight69 5 points6 points7 points 6 years ago (4 children) Check your local Yellow Pages. They tend to be more of a legit business if they actually take out a Yellow Pages ad, rather than just throw up a website. Ask for prices, if there's a way to view/choose before you book/pay anything, are any of the girls' pictures online, stuff like that. Many professional agencies will be able to do all of this. But keep in mind, you tend to get what you pay for, and just because it's expensive, doesn't mean you will like that particular girl. I never paid for sex before November, when I went to a red-light city, and my most expensive one there was the worst. 2nd most expensive was the best. 3rd was one of the best, but only because she was tiny and very very tight- never had a non-asian before, or a young guy, only small dicked drunk asian oldies (not all asians have small dicks, ex gf only had asian guys and said several were bigger than my 6.75"). After those girls, I learned to get the girls cheaper outside work hours, and how to spot them, where to find them, and cut a deal. I was paying under 15% of the most expensive one because I wasn't paying a house fee, paying for drinks, paying for temporary room rental, exorbitant fees for a condom or water from the room's fridge afterwards, and the girls actually liked me rather than being pressured into it. If they didn't like me, they ignored me, and I moved on to another one. It wasn't like I was paying a lot- thye get to spend a night in a nice hotel with a handsome young foreign guy, have beers, wines and RTDs free at my place, a bit of food and breakfast, and sex with someone who's eager to please- and they get a bit of pocket money out of it to. Enough to pay for a night out if they don't go silly with it. permalink embed save give gold load more comments (4 replies) [–]m1ndcr1me 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) My advice: DON'T. permalink embed save give gold [–][deleted] 2 points3 points4 points 6 years ago (0 children) Don't do it. Go to bed. Get some sleep. permalink embed save [–]stephensherman 6 points7 points8 points 6 years ago (0 children) Good luck dude.... You can hardly afford a bj! permalink embed save give gold [–]mrhymer 4 points5 points6 points 6 years ago (1 child) I don't think they make them anymore, dude. Ford makes the Escape now. permalink embed save give gold load more comments (1 reply) [–]gloomygus 1 point2 points3 points 6 years ago* (0 children) Asian massage parlor. It's easier than going through all the hoops for the others. They feel safer since they're in their own place of business, so they'll be much more willing to handhold someone through their first sex-for-money. Or if you're in Seattle, just drive down to Pacific Hwy south of town (240-272nd blocks) and ask for directions from any young woman walking by herself and dressed smartly. No they won't be wearing negligees and feather boas, but they will be dressed like high-schoolers. permalink embed save give gold [–]lookingchris 1 point2 points3 points 6 years ago (0 children) From what I've heard, this is a good site. permalink embed save give gold load more comments (161 replies) about blog about source code advertise jobs help site rules FAQ wiki reddiquette transparency contact us apps & tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website buttons <3 reddit gold redditgifts Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (updated). © 2016 reddit inc. All rights reserved. REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc. π Rendered by PID 1509 on app-183 at 2016-10-07 23:42:40.166309+00:00 running 9927328 country code: US.
jump to content my subreddits announcementsArtAskRedditaskscienceawwblogbookscreepydataisbeautifulDIYDocumentariesEarthPornexplainlikeimfivefoodfunnyFuturologygadgetsgamingGetMotivatedgifshistoryIAmAInternetIsBeautifulJokesLifeProTipslistentothismildlyinterestingmoviesMusicnewsnosleepnottheonionOldSchoolCoolpersonalfinancephilosophyphotoshopbattlespicsscienceShowerthoughtsspacesportstelevisiontifutodayilearnedTwoXChromosomesUpliftingNewsvideosworldnewsWritingPromptsedit subscriptions front -all -random |  AskReddit -funny -pics -videos -worldnews -todayilearned -gifs -news -gaming -aww -Showerthoughts -movies -mildlyinteresting -Jokes -television -nottheonion -tifu -science -photoshopbattles -food -space -explainlikeimfive -Music -LifeProTips -TwoXChromosomes -IAmA -Futurology -UpliftingNews -creepy -OldSchoolCool -EarthPorn -Art -sports -WritingPrompts -books -DIY -personalfinance -nosleep -GetMotivated -dataisbeautiful -askscience -gadgets -Documentaries -history -philosophy -listentothis -InternetIsBeautiful -announcements -blogmore » reddit.com over 18? Want to join? Log in or sign up in seconds.| English You must be 18+ to view this community You must be at least eighteen years old to view this content. Are you over eighteen and willing to see adult content? no thank youcontinue about blog about source code advertise jobs help site rules FAQ wiki reddiquette transparency contact us apps & tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website buttons <3 reddit gold redditgifts Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (updated). © 2016 reddit inc. All rights reserved. REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc. π Rendered by PID 13704 on app-401 at 2016-10-07 23:42:42.611931+00:00 running 9927328 country code: US.
Slixa Escort Directory Cities Dashboard Favorites Entertainer Signup Log In Join for Free! Free Escort Cams Local Sexy Wives Advertising Info Featured: Amy Taylor Available Nationwide! Introducing, Slixa. A revolutionary platform that changes the way men find quality private entertainment. Enter Slixa by choosing a city: JUMP TO CITY Atlanta, Georgia Atlantic City, New Jersey Austin, Texas Baltimore, Maryland Baton Rouge, Louisiana Birmingham, Alabama Boston, Massachusetts Charlotte, North Carolina Chicago, Illinois Cincinnati, Ohio Cleveland, Ohio Columbus, Ohio Dallas, Texas Denver, Colorado Detroit, Michigan Fort Lauderdale, Florida Fort Worth, Texas Houston, Texas Indianapolis, Indiana Kansas City, Missouri Las Vegas, Nevada Los Angeles, California Louisville, Kentucky Miami, Florida Minneapolis, Minnesota Montgomery, Alabama Montreal, Quebec Nashville, Tennessee New Orleans, Louisiana New York, New York Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Orlando, Florida Ottawa, Ontario Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Phoenix, Arizona Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Portland, Oregon Raleigh, North Carolina Richmond, Virginia Sacramento, California San Antonio, Texas San Diego, California San Francisco, California San Juan, San Juan Seattle, Washington St. Louis, Missouri Tampa, Florida Toronto, Ontario Vancouver, British Columbia Washington, DC Wichita, Kansas Browse Featured Escorts & Adult Entertainers Near You Amy Taylor Nationwide Photo Verified VIP Anabelle Lee Nationwide Dani Carrera Nationwide VIP Katja Moore Nationwide VIP Ria Leon Nationwide Photo Verified VIP Alysha Tulip Nationwide Photo Verified Andria Anda Nationwide Anya Bruni Nationwide VIP Naomi Kova Nationwide VIP Libby Langdon, Ivy League Muse Nationwide Photo Verified VIP Lexi Hunter Nationwide Ilara Santos Nationwide VIP Ashley Shye Nationwide Photo Verified VIP Kim Kay Los Angeles Photo Verified VIP Scarlett Jones San Francisco Photo Verified VIP Carmen Foxx Los Angeles Photo Verified VIP Heidee San Diego Photo Verified VIP Jazelynn San Francisco Photo Verified VIP See all entertainers in Los Angeles, San Diego, Las Vegas, and San Francisco - or select from one of the many Slixa cities nationwide. Newest Escorts & Private Entertainers on Slixa.com Paige San Diego Milanii J Raleigh VIP Rebecca Bay San Francisco Francesca Wilde Orlando VIP Anna Sophia Phoenix Nina Hart Seattle Evelyn Ortiz Miami Dana Miami Devon Jolie San Francisco VIP Megan Nashville Southern Belle Bella Nashville Lila Dante Denver Summer Devi Love San Diego Vicki 34F New York VIP Charlotte Black Denver VIP VIP Jessica Los Angeles VIP Vera Miami River Stark Chicago VIP Makena Wolfe San Francisco VIP Laura LeRoux Los Angeles Katja Kline New York VIP Juliana Miami Hannah Kingsley San Francisco VIP Mya Atlanta VIP The Slixa Revolution Slixa is radically different from other adult entertainer directory style sites. Find what you're looking for quickly and easily with large photos you can actually see and navigation that just plain makes sense. We never try to upsell you - free is free! Slixa is classy, sophisticated, easy to use, and completely free. We think it's revolutionary, and long overdue, and we're not the only ones. Slixa was recently nominated for the XBiz 2014 Awards for Progressive Web Company of the Year! Escorts – A Historical Look The escorting profession has been around since the dawn of civilization and it is widely considered to be the oldest profession known to (wo)man. However, what is considered escorting these days is much different from what it was originally, and today's escorts have taken on a completely new role; much different from the role they played in ancient times. Escorts in Ancient Time History books are littered with references to escorts and courtesans. The first known evidence of escorting can be found in ancient Mesopotamia, in the Middle East. The ancient peoples living there had many shrines and temples and referred to them as “houses of heaven” where courtesans were often found. Greece The Ancient Greeks were the first people to document both male and female escorts. Many female escorts were independent and in some cases played important roles in Greek Society. Escorts were required to wear distinctive dresses and paid taxes on their earnings like any other profession. Documents show that Greek escorts were greatly desired around the world for their beauty and that some charged astonishing prices for their services. Roman Era The Romans embraced escorting, which was licensed, socially accepted, and very widespread throughout the empire with evidence that some brothels were government run. While it was perfectly acceptable for Roman citizens to hire escorts, working as an escort was often considered a shameful profession. Middle Ages During the middle ages, escorting and harlotry were at an all time high. Nearly every city and medium sized town had one or more brothels where the wealthy could go to drink and spend time with women. Many times a king would send his squires out to the local brothel to hire courtesans to entertain a noble guest. While some medieval churches frowned on this type of behavior, others licensed holy brothels of their own. During the Catholic Church’s main years of power, special badges were required to identify women as courtesans with the wealthier escorts able to skirt this law by dressing as noble women. Renaissance Period Due to mass outbreaks of syphilis in the 1400s and early 1500s, the escorting industry experienced a dramatic decline. The church began refusing service to women who were actively engaged in such activities in an attempt to discourage the remaining escorts. Revolutionary/Industrial Period As European influence continued to spread, so did the need for escorts. It was common for British soldiers to hire escorts in ports they controlled, especially India. New laws were passed that required escorts to visit doctors regularly for medical checkups, and in some countries government sanctioned brothels were the only form of escorting allowed. Famous Escorts in History With thousands of years of history behind it, there are hundreds of famous men and women that have helped make escorting into what it is today. Here are just a few of the most famous escorts in ancient history: Theodora Theodora lived in Constantinople around the year 500BC. She started out in a brothel before her talents were quickly stepping up her talents and becoming an actress. As an actress, Theodora would delight crowds with strange sexual shows with wild after parties. Eventually, she became a personal escort to the rich and powerful until she met Justinian, heir to the Byzantine Empire. They married, and just a few years after her death, she was anointed a saint. Phryne Phyrne was a famous hetaira (courtesan) considered to be one of the most beautiful women in all of Ancient Greece. Men threw money and gifts at her to attract her attention. When on trial accused of impiety, her lawyer, one of her lovers, failed to adequately defend her. Fearing a guilty verdict she removed her robes before the judges, who found themselves unable to condemn the beauty of Aphrodite to death. She was acquitted and immediately returned to her profession as Greece’s most popular courtesan. Su Xiaoxiao Known as Little Su, Su Xiaoxiao was a 5th century Chinese escort who was well known for her intellectual ability and raw beauty. Little Su did not wish to become a mistress of the rich and powerful and instead chose to share her beauty with common people. She died at a young age due to illness but her reputation and legacy live on even today. Her tomb was recently rebuilt in 2004 and Little Su has been responsible for inspiring many Chinese artists and writers. Thais Thais was a Greek hetaera who lived during the conquest of Alexander the Great, and was famously responsible for burning down Persepolis by simply giving a speech. While she originally started out as a courtesan it is believed she eventually married a lover named Ptolemy, the man who became the King of Egypt. Escorts in Modern Times The modern day escort has evolved into a completely different industry. Today's escort focuses on providing quality companionship to discerning gentlemen, both publicly and privately. From the businessman who needs a dinner companion for that important work meeting to the lonely gentleman who just wants to spend some quality quiet time with a lovely woman, today's escort clientele is a wide ranging selection of modern society. Now that you're up to speed, begin your own search for the best escorts in Los Angeles. Slixa Atlanta, Atlantic City, Austin, Baltimore, Baton Rouge, Birmingham, Boston, Charlotte, Chicago, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Fort Lauderdale, Fort Worth, Houston, Indianapolis, Kansas City, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Louisville, Miami, Minneapolis, Montgomery, Montreal, Nashville, New Orleans, New York, Oklahoma City, Orlando, Ottawa, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Pittsburgh, Portland, Raleigh, Richmond, Sacramento, San Antonio, San Diego, San Francisco, San Juan, Seattle, St. Louis, Tampa, Toronto, Vancouver, Washington, DC, Wichita Slixa Canada, Slixa Puerto Rico, Slixa United Kingdom, Slixa United States Slixa is launched in the above locations and we're adding new cities regularly! If you don't see your city here, request it and we'll notify you when we launch nearby. Asacp Restricted To Adults ENTERTAINER SIGNUP / LOGIN MOBILE VERSION BROWSE CONTACT SLIXA FAQ ADVERTISING SLIXA ON TWITTER PLEASE READ OUR TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY POLICY DMCA STATEMENT 18 U.S.C. 2257 RECORD-KEEPING REQUIREMENTS COMPLIANCE STATEMENT © 2012-2016 Slixa®. All Rights Reserved.
Friday, October 07, 2016 Setting new standards for the adult on-line hobbyist and provider. We host escort reviews, site reviews, discussion boards, live chat, service guides and much more. Better prepare yourself for all that is Adult Entertainment. WARNING – THIS SITE CONTAINS SEXUALLY EXPLICIT CONTENT IMPORTANT! YOU MUST READ AND ACKNOWLEDGE THE FOLLOWING: The content (including all information, links, images and videos) contained on this website are of a sexually explicit nature. If you are under the age of 18, or if it is illegal to view sexually explicit material in the place from which you are accessing The Erotic Review or www.theeroticreview.com ("TER"), please leave now by clicking on the "DECLINE" button on the home page, or, by closing your browser or tab. Please read, understand and agree with each of the following conditions ("Conditions") before you continue: I hereby certify under the penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America (28 U.S.C. §1746) that I am currently 18 years of age or older (or the age of majority in the place from which I am accessing TER), and that I knowingly wish to access TER, which I know contains content of a sexually explicit nature. The sexually explicit material I intend to view is for my own personal use. I will not expose minors to the material and will make every effort to prevent anyone under 18 years of age (or under the age of majority in the place from which I am accessing TER) from reading, viewing or accessing TER. I agree to report suspected exploitation of minors and/or human trafficking, including anything which constitutes, assists with or references child pornography or human trafficking, to the appropriate authorities (http://traffickingresourcecenter.org/report-trafficking). I do not find written content of a sexually explicit nature, images of nude adults, images of adults engaged in sex or other sexual material to be offensive or objectionable and I desire to read, view and access sexually explicit material. The reading, viewing, accessing and downloading of sexually explicit materials does not violate the standards of my community. The content of TER is in no manner intended to appeal to the prurient interest of the average person, applying contemporary community standards, nor is it intended to depict or describe, in a patently offensive way, sexual conduct specifically prohibited by the law of the location from which you are accessing TER. I agree that I will not access TER from a Prohibited Country. I acknowledge that all of the following countries constitute Prohibited Countries from which no part of TER may be accessed, viewed, downloaded or otherwise received: Afghanistan, Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea), Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Japan, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, Pakistan, the People’s Republic of China, Philippines, Republic of China (Taiwan), Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Syria, the United Arab Emirates, Vietnam; and All parts of every other country, subdivision of a country or jurisdiction corresponding to a political entity or part thereof in which accessing, viewing, downloading, disseminating of, or other use of the materials contained on TER would constitute a violation of any law, statute, regulation, rule or custom, including the contemporary community standards of that jurisdiction with respect to the viewing, accessing or other use by adults of materials which consist of graphic, sexually explicit content. I understand that TER strongly supports copyright laws and believes that the rights of copyright owners should be protected. I acknowledge that TER may terminate my account and access rights if I violate TER’s copyright policies. I understand that in addition to these Conditions (which may be read at any time at (http://www.theeroticreview.com/index.asp?readTerms=1) I must read and consent to TER’s Terms of Use, its Privacy Policy, and such other Terms, Conditions and Policies, which TER may from time to time adopt or modify, all of which are incorporated herein as though set forth in full. By entering TER and approving these Conditions I intend to be bound by all of TER’s Terms, Conditions and Policies. I understand that TER reserves the right to terminate my access to TER if it determines that I have violated or may have violated one or more of TER’s Terms, Conditions or Policies, whether set forth in these Conditions or elsewhere on TER. TER may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, (a) revise these Conditions; (b) modify any of the content on TER; and (c) discontinue TER at any time. TER will post any revision to these Conditions, and the revision shall be effective immediately on such posting. I agree to review these Conditions and other online Terms, Conditions and Policies posted on TER periodically to be aware of any revisions. I also agree that by continuing to use or access TER following notice of any revision, I shall abide by, and be bound by, any such revised Terms, Conditions or Policies. I understand and acknowledge that all of the reviews posted on TER are fictional and are only for the entertainment and amusement of TER’s users. I agree that anything I post will also be fictional and intended for the entertainment and amusement of myself and other TER users. I understand that TER is not associated with anyone reviewed on the site and that TER does not receive any financial or other compensation from anyone reviewed on TER. I acknowledge that prostitution is illegal in most locations, and I understand that any money that may be paid to anyone reviewed on TER is for their companionship only. I also acknowledge that anything else that occurs between a reviewer and someone reviewed on TER is a matter of choice between consenting adults. To ensure that TER provides a high quality experience for me and for other users of TER, I agree that TER or its representatives may access my account and records to investigate complaints or allegations of abuse, infringement of third party rights, or other unauthorized uses of TER. I agree that while TER need not disclose the existence or occurrence of such an investigation or TER’s determinations (but may in its sole discretion elect to do so), unless required to do so by law, TER reserves the right to terminate my account or my access to TER immediately, with or without notice to me, and without liability if in TER’s sole and absolute discretion TER believes that I have violated any of these Conditions (or any of TER’s other Terms, Conditions or Policies), furnished TER with false or misleading information, interfered with the use of TER by others, or, otherwise behaves in such a way as TER deems in any way inappropriate or harmful to anyone, including TER. Some of the content of TER might be accessed by me via hyperlinks which will connect me to third-parties, or to third-party websites that may provide content to TER. I understand that TER has no editorial control or supervision over selection or display of the content provided by those third parties or those third-party websites and those parties, and not TER, are solely responsible and liable for that content. I acknowledge that TER is not responsible for, nor can it control, the use by others of any information which I provide to them through TER, or otherwise, and that I have been advised that I should use caution in selecting the personal information I provide to others through TER. I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT TER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND THAT TER IS MAKING THE WEBSITE AVAILABLE "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. I ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGE OR LOSS FROM USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, TER. I ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. I ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT TER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT IT WILL MEET MY REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF TER WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. I EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT TER’S LIABILITY TO ME IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT SUCH LIABILITY MAY BE LIMITED BY LAW. IN NO EVENT SHALL TER BE LIABLE TO ME OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, DAMAGES ARISING FROM MY USE OF (OR INABILITY TO USE) TER, EVEN IF TER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, TER’S LIABILITY TO ME FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY ME TO TER DURING THE CURRENT TERM OF MY SUBSCRIPTION TO TER, NOT TO EXCEED ONE YEAR. I acknowledge that TER imposes certain restrictions on my permissible use of TER, and I agree that I am prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of TER, including (a) accessing content or data not intended for me, or logging on to a server or account that I am not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of TER, or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to TER, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mail bombing," or "crashing;" (d) using TER to send unsolicited e-mail, including, without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting using TER; or (f) attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code used by TER in providing its services. I agree that in addition to terminating my subscription to, and access to, TER, any violation of system or network security may subject me to civil and/or criminal liability. I agree to indemnify, defend (with counsel selected by TER), and hold harmless TER, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives from any and all third party claims, losses, liability, damages, and/or costs (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising from my access to or use of TER, or my violation of these Conditions, or allowing another to use my account who violates any of these Conditions. TER will notify me of any such claim, loss, liability, or demand, and will provide me with reasonable assistance, at my expense, in defending any such claim, loss, liability, damage or cost. In order to better assure uniform enforcement of these Conditions, these Conditions shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the United States and the State of California, without reference to their rules regarding conflicts of law. I expressly agree that all disputes arising out of or in connection with these Conditions (including performance, alleged breach, enforceability and validity) or my access to TER, shall be finally settled by binding arbitration as set forth in that section of TER’s Terms of Use entitled "Disputes with Company", which is hereby incorporated in these Conditions. I irrevocably agree that venue for any arbitration shall lie in Anguilla, British West Indies; Los Angeles, California, United States of America or in such other location as may be mutually agreeable to TER and me. TER AND I ALSO KNOWINGLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT WE MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR A TRIAL BEFORE A COURT, AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE AMONG US SHALL BE FINALLY SETTLED BY BINDING ARBITRATION, ALL AS SET FORTH IN THAT SECTION OF TER’S TERMS & CONDITIONS ENTITLED "DISPUTES WITH COMPANY." If, for whatever reason, a duly appointed arbitrator finds any part of these Conditions unenforceable, all other terms and conditions will remain unaffected and in full force and effect. No waiver of any breach of any provision of these Conditions shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of these Conditions and TER’s Terms of Use the Terms of Use shall control. I understand and acknowledge that these Conditions constitute a legal agreement between TER, its owner, Treehouse Park, S.A. (together with its parent entities, subsidiary entities, owners, shareholders, affiliates and members (collectively with TER, "Company")) and me, and, I intend my pressing of the "AGREE" button below to evidence that I am over 18 years of age; that I knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily consent to viewing this site, that I have instituted an effective method of monitoring the use of the Internet by persons under 18 years of age; and that I assign to Company all content I post to the site in accordance with the terms of the Review Submission Guidelines and all content I post to TER will be owned by Company as a result of this assignment. I intend my pressing of the "AGREE" button below to constitute my electronic signature under the terms of either or both the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (as adopted in California) or the United States’ Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act. I also understand and acknowledge that book marking to a page on TER that enables me to bypass these Conditions constitutes an implicit acceptance of the foregoing terms by me. I have read and fully understand the above agreement and certify under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct, and that this was executed on the date I press the "AGREE" button below. Decline Agree   The contents of this site are registered and fully protected under the United States Copyright Act. No portion of the site may be copied, reproduced, downloaded, transmitted or otherwise used without the prior written consent of Treehouse Park, S.A. Willful infringement of copyright may result in the award of statutory damages of up to $100,000 per act of infringement, attorneys fees, seizure and destruction of infringing materials, and injunction against further acts of infringement.  
