Friday , 7 October 2016 ABOUT CONTACT US APPLY CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING PARTNERS SOCIAL CU Independent University of Colorado Daily Student News News Politics Student Government Campus Events 4/20 Coverage People of 4/20 – 2014 Academics Community Lifestyle Beyond Boulder Environment Crime Greek Presidential Race 2016 GOP Debate: Boulder “Your money, your vote”: all you need to know What’s going on? CU Boulder on GOP Day GOP debate updates Entertainment Music & Playlists Film – TV Good Eats Sports NCAA Tournament 2016 Men’s Division I Basketball Football Women’s Division I XC -Track – Ski Club sports The Coin Toss Fitness and Wellness The Big Leagues Opinion Columns Ask Alex A Gay in the Life Cannon Fodder Dear Domna Girl on Girl Editorials Our Stance Satire Letters to the Editor Podcasts CU Taboo Tune In Turn Up Tune In Turn Up AMPED Pick Six Keg Tap The Association Luck Be a Lady Visuals People of Boulder Galleries Multimedia Syllabus CUI GRAPEVINE GRADES DATABASE Breaking News Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. Confessions of an escort girl: On sex, love and all the naughty bits in between (CU Independent/Adam Milner) Meet Nikki, a self proclaimed “country girl” born and raised in Colorado. She graduated from CU last year with a degree in psychology and regularly works and volunteers with children. You can find lots of girls like Nikki all over the college town of Boulder. I happened to find her on Craigslist’s Adult Services. “A little sweetness goes a long way,” she wrote on her ad. Her bubbly personality saturated every last detail of her profile, complete with Xs and Os. Nikki has been working in “the industry” on and off since she was 16-years-old. She is now a resource manager working with 4 to 6 girls at a time, selling their “company” for big money all around the Denver area and Boulder. “This is not full time by any means,” she said. When Nikki is not out on her “dates,” she works part-time as a bookkeeper and administrator. As the oldest of six kids, she also strives to set herself as an example by volunteering her time at church and the non-profit she works with. She tells me that she wants to open up her own non-profit for underprivileged kids in single-parent homes someday, or perhaps become a preschool teacher or a youth minister. “I want to be something more than what money can give,” she said. But for right now, she tells me, it’s all about the money. Sex is my business, and business is good Did you know that a girl working part-time as an escort can make just as much, if not more, than prestigious lawyers and doctors? According to Nikki, you can make what you earn in corporate America over two weeks in a single day, just by seeing two guys on a non full-service level. Full-service providers, she explains, sell straight up sexual intercourse, as opposed to non full-service providers, who sell everything but, such as their company for dates. “The most I’ve made in one day was $6,200 between three dates,” Nikki said. “Once one of my girls pulled in $56,000 from just one guy.” For Nikki and her girls, there are no pimps or agencies involved. The hard-earned cash is all theirs. All the girls she works with act as independent contractors who come to her for her resources, guidance and knowledge of the market and industry. “My job is to find the best places and resources for them to get the most out of what we’re marketing,” Nikki said. “The girls and I travel and we choose states where the economy is still steady and growing.” In return for Nikki’s help, they pay her a flat rate to post their services onto Craigslist for each of these areas. They’ve been all over the country including New York, California and even Hawaii. Big bucks, independence and travel? Sign me up, please? What you didn’t know about prostitution “I help men get a better understanding of sex through women,” Nikki said. Nikki said it’s not just about the sex itself, but about anything sexual in general. “I should be a sex therapist,” she joked. I’ve heard before that men who see prostitutes don’t just come for the sex, rather, they also seek all other aspects of female companionship. Speaking with Nikki gave me further insight on the matter. “They also look for uplift and reassurance. Just as human beings, they need it. You need a hug every once in a while, you need to be loved by the opposite sex or feel some kind of compassion,” Nikki said. This girl is all about the uplift, her sunny disposition is infectious and I love it. I’m sure her customers do, too. She also clued me in on all the different tiers of prostitution, ranging from “street walkers” to upscale escort girls. According to Nikki, there is “zero” street work. Colfax used to be prime hooker territory, but hasn’t seen the high level of street work it originally became famous for in years. Now, especially in Boulder, it’s all upscale, behind-closed-doors work. Before I talked to Nikki, I got this impression that prostitutes pretty much gave up every last ounce of their dignity in order to make money, rendering their decision power worthless. However, at least in the upper tiers of prostitution, the girls pretty much have the say on everything, from the guys they choose, what they want to do and how much they’ll be getting paid for it. “I’m picky,” Nikki said. “I just don’t see anyone. If I don’t like the guy, I won’t go through with the date. I’d be sweet and wouldn’t put him down, but I’d wean him to another girl who could better suit him and make him happier.” As far as the sex (or non-sex) goes, each girl decides on her own boundaries. Some don’t even provide full-service at all, rather, they may simply provide their company for dinners and dates. So how much cash is being thrown down for these girls? “It’s however much you want to make it. If they can’t pay that, then they’ll negotiate for whatever else,” she said. “The ball is always on my court.” The freakiest dudes in all the nation Of course, I had to ask Nikki about her strangest requests. She laughed and talked about golden Showers, strap-ons and the like. She did say the freakiest guys she’s ever seen throughout the country are in Boulder. Apparently, the white, older, hippie business guys are the ones to watch out for. “They have the weirdest requests,” Nikki said. “One guy wanted me to… What exactly do you call the opposite of a Golden Shower? I can’t even bring myself to talk about it, let alone do it.” She visibly struggled to find the words. “I can’t shit on anybody, sorry,” Nikki said. “And I won’t, plain and simple.” Word to the wives The majority of Nikki’s customers are married men who have been strictly with their wives for years or who have not had partners who are very sexual or open. “I give them something to go home and love their wives better with,” she said. I was intrigued. Could she convince me that prostitution could actually be conducive for a man’s love for his wife? “It’s men’s nature to want variety. It’s their animal instinct to breed with the most young and desirable women. It goes way back and love has nothing to do with it.” Nikki first explains that sex and love are two completely different things (for men anyway). According to Nikki, the guy has that one girl he loves, the one he marries. However, he also has his sexual needs. “He loves that one girl, but if he’s not getting what he needs or is deprived, he’ll become bitter towards her,” Nikki said. The idea is that once Nikki helps relieve these needs, it allows him to return to the one he is married to and carry on with their relationship, bitterness-free. “They might feel guilty, but it’s in their nature and they really need the sex. If their wives can’t give it to them, they feel badly about it,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that it’s human nature. “I also feel guilty to a certain extent, but really if the woman can’t give a man what he needs, he’ll go out and look for it elsewhere, plain and simple. And that’s where girls like me come in and give it to them,” Nikki said. It’s not purely about sex, though. Nikki said it’s also about the comfort her and her girls can give. “It’s not always physical, though,” she reminds me, “It’s also about uplift and reassurance.” The dichotomy of the “wife and the mistress” came to mind. Does it really all boil down to biological and evolutionary factors? Is this something we’ll all simply have to come to terms with? The good, the bad and the ugly “There really isn’t a least favorite aspect of the job,” Nikki said, “I love it all.” For Nikki, she said the job isn’t just about good pay, she genuinely enjoys it. “It’s like my dating scene. I pick and choose. I love older guys, men of power, well-dressed and charismatic. I’m completely engaged when we have fun and am totally enthralled by it. I wouldn’t do it if I didn’t like it. There’s no shame in what I do, I genuinely love everything I do.” To understand her passion, you also have to understand her philosophy. Nikki said she truly believes in doing what she does to not only bring uplift to her clients, but also to herself and her girls. “Girls might feel belittled, degraded or disrespected if they let themselves. If they put themselves in that position, then they absolutely will feel lesser for what they do,” Nikki said. Nikki said she only wants to be around girls who enjoy the job for what it is. “If at the end of the day you’re going to go home and feel like shit, then I don’t want to be a part of it. You have to genuinely like making the guys feel better,” Nikki said. “Then you feel better. It’s a mutual thing.” However, with the good also comes the bad. “I’ve been robbed, arrested, taken advantage of and hit. It’s all part of the risks. There are no policies and regulations for prostitution. It’s a free-for-all,” she said. There are some security measures they try to enact when they can, but ultimately the security measures can only do so much. “In big cities with all girls and no men, we have security people watching on the outside. But when you’re alone in a room with a guy, it doesn’t matter what kind of security you have. It’s you and him,” she said. Nikki and her girls take precautions and bring mace, switchblades and even take self-defense classes. She tells them that if it comes down to money, they should rather get ripped off than get raped or beaten. “You can replace that money,” Nikki said, “but you can’t replace yourself.” Then with the bad comes the ugly. Nikki revealed to me a darker part of her career. “I’ve been caught for prostitution and I’ve had a police officer come in and take complete advantage of me, and then turn around and arrest me for it,” she said. The experience of having a police officer violate her was one that Nikki won’t forget soon, if ever, she said. “At that point in my life, I would have felt better getting raped and robbed by somebody else, but having a police officer…” She said when the officer took her to court for prostitution she hired a good lawyer and got her case dismissed in court because of the fact that she had been raped. She said the officer didn’t confess, but all the evidence was there and he couldn’t deny it. “But it’s not just him, it’s hundreds of officers taking advantage of girls,” Nikki alleged. Legitimizing prostitution “If I would change anything about my job, it would be to make it legal,” Nikki said. Nikki said she believes that prostitution is illegal for the simple fact that the government cannot tax it. “I just feel like there’s so much that’s OK and that’s legal that is way worse than this,” she said. “If it’s consensual, the guy wants to do it and the girl wants to do it, who is the government to say it’s not OK?” I can sympathize with her on this. It’s difficult to work and pay tax dollars just to have a police officer rape you, turn around and arrest you for it, and have the law punish you for other acts that have been completely consensual. “It’s absolutely ridiculous that they can’t just let us do what we want, and because they can’t tax it they’re going to set up task forces that cost millions of dollars of tax money to stop something consenting adults want to do together,” Nikki said. Parting our ways Despite everything, Nikki said she has no regrets. “Anything that’s ever happened to me has made me stronger and built character,” she said. It has helped her go forward and teach other girls in the industry to help them realize what it really is, what it can be and what they may get out of it. “I’m here now in my place in the world to help people. No matter if it’s the children in the non-profits that I work for; to the women I hire to work for me. Ultimately the goal is to help them help the world.” When I first met Nikki, I had my doubts and my skepticism about the things she’s said and the things she believes in. Was she really so different from myself in those respects? Through our conversation, I realized that she is just like any other girl who channels her heart and soul into everything she does, including her own career. I got up to shake her hand, but instead she grabbed me and gave me a hug. She was happy, infectiously so, and all she wanted to do was to make others happy, too. At that point, it was hard not to believe in her. Contact CU Independent Staff Writer Natalie Bui at Natalie.bui@colorado.edu. 2010-02-04 CUIndependent Share Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest About CUIndependent The CU Independent or CUI for short is the student newspaper for the University of Colorado at Boulder. We cover News, Sports, Politics, Entertainment, and more. Our mission: to give the students at CU an online publication for students and by students, about the things we care about. Previous KU game sells out Next No smoking zone Check Also Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Political discussion among differing opinions is the only real path to change. By Jackson Barnett 13 comments toast88 February 4, 2010 at 7:16 pm This was one of the most eye-opening and insightful articles I’ve read this year. Definitely one of the most engaging articles on CUI. Simply amazing. Log in to Reply bob February 10, 2010 at 10:16 pm very interesting Log in to Reply ben February 15, 2010 at 8:21 am hi nikki, speak to more. you are just waaaaaw Log in to Reply Nats April 22, 2012 at 4:27 am Nikki is a profound thinker Log in to Reply emoman May 13, 2012 at 9:44 am Wow… This article is such an eye-opener. I did not have even slightest of idea that any girl could understand men so accurately. Nikki understands that sex is something essential for us men..Rarely do women understand that..They think we’re devils if we want physical intimacy.. And she’s absolutely 101% right about one thing – It’s not just about sex. It’s also about uplift, reassurance, aspects other than sex.. being understood is the best luxury anyone can have. . I love girls like Nikki. All the very best Nikki! Log in to Reply Sylvia May 18, 2012 at 9:46 am Absolutely interesting article Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:36 am good good Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:38 am I like You Log in to Reply mizanur rahman October 8, 2012 at 6:40 am good boy Log in to Reply anon December 5, 2012 at 10:24 am Wow what a bunch of horsesh*t. As the former wife of a married man who frequented the Boulder college escorts I can tell you with absolute certainty that his indiscretions did NOT enhance our marriage or sex life. In fact, quite the opposite. He became increasingly arrogant and abusive, which resulted in him getting caught, getting arrested, and losing everything. As a result of losing his home and family (we have two young daughters together), he tried to kill himself. So, it’s just sad and pathetic to hear some ignorant college girl talk about the benefits she’s providing to families by screwing the husbands. Yeah she’s screwing them, just not in the ways she thinks. Log in to Reply Sydney December 26, 2012 at 1:51 am how can I get into contact with Nikki? Log in to Reply Marlene Damaro March 3, 2013 at 4:54 am Thank you for this uplifting story. From what I read in forums, it seems that many sex workers are getting exploited and only do it for the money. My experience as escort girl has been generally positive. I’m a medical student in Germany and have been doing high-priced escort work for almost 3 years. First 6 months with an agency in Switzerland and then as independent escort in Germany (and occasionally Basel and Ibiza). Prostitution is legal in most European countries. Perhaps I’m lucky that I managed to quickly build a repeat customer business, so I avoid risking negative surprises with first-time clients. My customers treat me well, are well-mannered and well-groomed and quite generous. Two or 3 dates a month are enough to finance my study and lead a comfortable life. Sure, there are downsides like leading a double-life because prostitution is stigmatized and the fear of getting exposed. It certainly is not a job for every girl, but I’m sexually liberal, like to please and be pleased by men, and I enjoy having sex. It makes me feel good when I can make my customers happy, not only by having sex but also by listening, showing understanding and giving warmth. Log in to Reply TruthTeller October 7, 2013 at 8:58 pm Believe me @anon December 5 2012…he didn’t try and kill himself because of the escorts……and if your marriage wasn’t enhanced and you are looking for a reason why then I suggest you find a mirror. Seriously Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Sponsor @The_CUI Tweets by @The_CUI Check it out: Recent Posts Officials ID man shot in machete incident at CU Boulder as 28-year-old from Thornton Opinion: Why you should talk about politics Fraternizing with the Enemy: Notes on the USC Trojans TV review: South Park season 20, episode 3 CU Boulder to host free advanced screening of thriller ‘The Accountant’ Check it out:
Sign Up Log In Searching, subscribing and replying topics need you to log on first. Connect with Facebook or Almost Done! Sign up with your email address. Email Password By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Sign Up Searching, subscribing and replying topics need you to log on first. Connect with Facebook or Email or Username: Password Login Remember me? Forgot Password? Home Categories Style Labels Lifestyle Regional Marketplace Administration Fashion Footwear Denim Brands Legit Checks Up & Coming Supreme Adidas Nike Vans Jordan Off Topic Music Gaming Sports Automotive Arts Photography Entertainment Tech Fitness Current Affairs United States Canada Australia Europe United Kingdom Germany Netherlands France Asia China Singapore Philippines Hong Kong Japan South Korea Sneakers Apparel Other Goods Buyer/Seller Feedback Forum Support Members HYPECHAT Back to hypebeast.com Login Register Off Topic Sex Acronyms Herban 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 September 19, 2011 at 22:47:17 Sep 19, 2011 @ 22:47 Common adult industry sex terms, abbreviations, codes, codewords, terminology, acronyms, lingo, and glossary. What does this mean, what is the definition of, as defined in the dictionary, and what do the letters stand for: AAMP = Apartment Asian Massage Parlor. Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. ABC = american born chinese ABJ = american born japanese Agency = a company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of escorts. AMP = Asian Massage Parlor analingus = licking anus Asian = analingus Asian Cowgirl = girl on top, squatting ASP = Adult Service Provider, or alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup ATF = all time favorite ATM = ass to mouth = *****, toy, finger goes from ass to mouth. attempts = trying to orgasm Aunt Flo = menstruation, period B&S = bait and switch = person who shows up is a different one than advertised babyback = petite, young, attractive Asian balloons = breast implants BB = bareback = without condom BJ = blowjob = oral sex = fellatio BBBJ = bare back blow job = BJ without condom BBBJTC = bare back blow job to completion (in mouth) BBBJTCIM = bare back blow job to completion in mouth BBBJTCNQNS = bare back blow job to completion, no quit, no spit BBBJTCWS = bare back blow job to completion with swallow BBBJWF = bare back blow job with facial BBFS = bare back sex BBW = big beautiful woman BCD = behind closed doors BDSM = bondage, discipline, sado-masochism. BF = boy friend BFE = boy friend experience birdwatching = BBBJTCWS BLS = ball licking and sucking Blue Jay = blow job blue pill = Viagra BSB = bus stop babe butter face = everything looks good, but her face BTW = by the way cash and dash = ROB who takes your money and runs CBJ = covered blow job = BJ with condom CC Rider = full service provider costing $200 or less CD = cross dresser CDS = covered doggy style CFS = covered full service = Sex with condom CG = cowgirl = girl on top facing you CH = Crazy Horse, SF Strip Club CIM = cum in mouth CL = craigslist.org CMD = carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde CMT = Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse. Cowgirl = CG = girl on top facing you cover = condom cruising = driving around, looking for streetwalkers cups of coffee = releases = orgasms DATO = dining at the o = analingus DATY = dining at the y = cunnilingus DDP = double digit penetration, kitty and anus Dodge = streetwalker stroll: Mission Blvd, between A St and 14th St, in Hayward, CA Doggie = man behind girl, girl on hands and knees donation = payment Doubles = A threesome with two girls and you DDE = doesn't do extras (PS only) DDG = drop dead gorgeous DFK = deep french kissing, open mouth with tongue DIY = do it yourself (masturbation) DP = double penetration, two guys on one girl DT = deep throat, entire length of ***** taken in mouth ECR = el camino real EOM = end of message. No text in message body. escort = a temporary companion for hire facial = cumming on partner's face FBSM = full body sensual massage fire and ice = a blowjob switching between hot tea and ice FIV = finger in vagina FKK = Frei K 1 0 Blade Gretzky 844 posts 0 hype May 2011 844 posts 0 hype May 2011 September 19, 2011 at 22:48:46 Sep 19, 2011 @ 22:48 raincoat = condom lol 0 0 jaded 8350 posts 277 hype Feb 2008 ಠ______ಠ 8350 posts 277 hype Feb 2008 ಠ______ಠ September 19, 2011 at 22:49:33 Sep 19, 2011 @ 22:49 teabag = man squats and dips balls in partner's mouth 0 0 i'm the best mayne, i deed it jtangtwenty3 1049 posts 0 hype Dec 2010 chicago/cincinnati 1049 posts 0 hype Dec 2010 chicago/cincinnati September 19, 2011 at 22:49:43 Sep 19, 2011 @ 22:49 Tmi 0 0 WCDon 1116 posts 3 hype May 2011 Bay Area 1116 posts 3 hype May 2011 Bay Area September 19, 2011 at 23:07:13 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:07 dat urbandictionary roaming 0 0 THIS CANDYLAND NIGGA Jens Voigt 888 posts 2 hype May 2011 san jose 888 posts 2 hype May 2011 san jose September 19, 2011 at 23:17:01 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:17 QuoteOriginally posted by Herban mohawk = thin rectangular strip of pubic hair wut 0 0 . The Chosen One 1448 posts 0 hype Jun 2011 1448 posts 0 hype Jun 2011 September 19, 2011 at 23:18:01 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:18 BBFS = bare back sex what? 0 0 Homes 482 posts 0 hype Oct 2008 Seattle 482 posts 0 hype Oct 2008 Seattle September 19, 2011 at 23:20:26 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:20 permission to slap me in my face if I ever use "BBBJTCNQNS" to describe a bj in everday conversation 0 0 Herban 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 September 19, 2011 at 23:28:31 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:28 Originally posted by Inactive User BBFS = bare back sex what? I think it means sex with no condom. 0 0 blackice445 1635 posts 9 hype Jul 2009 New Jersey 1635 posts 9 hype Jul 2009 New Jersey September 19, 2011 at 23:29:45 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:29 BBC= Big black cock 0 0 Jvlv 913 posts 22 hype Oct 2010 913 posts 22 hype Oct 2010 September 19, 2011 at 23:31:25 Sep 19, 2011 @ 23:31 BBBJTCNQNS is my favourite 0 0 i_hate_simps 796 posts 0 hype Dec 2008 Seattle 796 posts 0 hype Dec 2008 Seattle September 20, 2011 at 01:28:34 Sep 20, 2011 @ 01:28 lol they dont even have DVDA!!! 0 0 warts 286 posts 0 hype Sep 2011 Los Angeles 286 posts 0 hype Sep 2011 Los Angeles September 20, 2011 at 01:46:55 Sep 20, 2011 @ 01:46 Forgot G.I.L.F. 0 0 The Chosen One 1448 posts 0 hype Jun 2011 1448 posts 0 hype Jun 2011 September 20, 2011 at 01:56:48 Sep 20, 2011 @ 01:56 QuoteOriginally posted by herban i think it means sex with no condom. bbfs? 0 0 Herban 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 1542 posts 84 hype Apr 2010 September 20, 2011 at 02:00:54 Sep 20, 2011 @ 02:00 Bare Back Full Service. Full Service = FS = Bj+Penetration 0 0 mr mcgibblets 2122 posts 2 hype Nov 2010 2122 posts 2 hype Nov 2010 September 20, 2011 at 02:27:46 Sep 20, 2011 @ 02:27 QuoteOriginally posted by WCDon dat urbandictionary roaming these are escort/hobbyist terms. 0 0 Off Topic Please login first to reply. Home Categories Style Fashion Footwear Denim Labels Brands Legit Checks Up & Coming Supreme Adidas Nike Vans Jordan Lifestyle Off Topic Music Gaming Sports Automotive Arts Photography Entertainment Tech Fitness Current Affairs Regional United States Canada Australia Europe United Kingdom Germany Netherlands France Asia China Singapore Philippines Hong Kong Japan South Korea Marketplace Sneakers Apparel Other Goods Buyer/Seller Feedback Administration Forum Support Members HYPECHAT Guidelines Login Register Store Forums Enjoy HYPETRAK's updates, features, and editorials on the dynamic world of music. About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy 2016 Hypebeast Limited. All Rights Reserved. About About Contact Us Community Guidelines Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy More Hypebeast Editorial HYPEBAE HYPETRAK HBX Subscribe to Hypebeast Receive the latest in Footwear, Fashion, Music and Creativity in our newsletters Sign Up Connect With Us Our apps About Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy 2016 Hypebeast Limited. All Right Reserved.  
Las Vegas Strip Clubs What Happens in the Strip Club Stays in the Strip Club Best of Las Vegas Top 10 Buffets of Las Vegas Top 10 Las Vegas Hotels Top 10 Pools of Las Vegas Top 10 Steakhouses Strip Club Pages Babes Cabaret Can Can Room Cheetahs Gentlemen’s Club Chicas Bonitas Club Paradise Club Platinum Crazy Horse III Deja Vu Showgirls Diamond Cabaret Fantasy Swingers Club Foxy’s Gentlemen’s Club Girls of Glitter Gulch Green Door Hawks Gym Larry Flynt’s Hustler Club Larry’s Villa Las Vegas Lounge Little Darlings Olympic Gardens Palomino Play It Again Sam’s Pussycats Adult Night Club Red Rooster Sapphire Gentlemen’s Club Spearmint Rhino Talk of the Town The Horse Gentlemen’s Club Treasures Gentlemen’s Club Recently Closed Las Vegas Strip Clubs Badda Bing Men's Club Cover Girls Gentlemen's Club & Steakhouse Discreet Gentlemen's Club Lollypop's Adult Nightclub Power Exchange Privilege Gentlemen's Club Secret Gentlemen's Club Sheri's Cabaret Vince Neil's Girls Girls Girls Recent Posts 5 Reasons to Visit a Strip Club when in Las Vegas Several Las Vegas Strip Clubs Closed Their Doors in 2013 How to Avoid that Costly Las Vegas Strip Club Cover Charge Las Vegas Strip Clubs to Visit When On a Modest Budget Never Ask a Las Vegas Taxi Cab Driver to Take You to the Best Las Vegas Strip Club Las Vegas Strip Clubs Located on Industrial Road Las Vegas Stripper’s Sexy Photo Shoots Jessa - Sexy Brunette Rachel - Sexy Blonde Welcome to Las Vegas Strip Clubs Las Vegas strip clubs is a locally owned website where locals and tourists can learn the inner details about various adult entertainment establishments that are located in the Las Vegas Valley. Here you can read reviews, view photos and videos and submit your thoughts in our polls and forums. This is the best review site of Las Vegas strip club! Current Las Vegas Adult Entertainment Establishments    Vegas Strip Club Closest Hotel Casino  Alcohol Hours  Club Type Type    Babes Cabaret Sunset Station 5 PM – 4 AM  Casual Can Can Room Circus Circus 9 PM – Dawn Nude  Casual Cheetahs Palace Station  Topless  Casual Club Paradise Hard Rock 6 PM – 6 AM Topless  Upscale Club Platinum Bally’s 6:30 pm-5 am Topless  Dive Crazy Horse III Mandalay Bay Topless  Upscale Diamond Cabaret Treasure Island 6 PM – 5 AM Nude  Dive Deja Vu Showgirls Trump International 4 PM – 6 A Topless  Casual  Fantasy  Sahara  No 10 PM – 4 AM  Swingers  Casual Foxy’s GC Circus Circus 3 PM – 3 AM Topless  Dive Girls of Glitter Gulch Plaza Hotel 1 PM – 4 AM Topless  Casual  Green Door  Sahara  No 7 PM – 5 AM  Swingers  Casual  Hawks Gym  Sahara  No 24/7  Gay Social  Casual  Hustler Club  Mandalay Bay  Yes  4 PM – 9 AM  Topless  Upscale  Larry’s Villa  Texas  Yes 24/7  Topless  Dive  Las Vegas Lounge  Sahara  Yes 24/7  Tranny Bar  Dive  Little Darlings  Stratosphere  No  11 AM – 6 AM  Nude  Casual  Olympic Garden  Stratosphere  Yes 24/7  Topless  Upscale  Palomino Club  Downtown   Yes  4 PM – 5 AM  Nude  Casual  Play it Again Sam’s Rio  Yes  24/7  Topless  Casual  Power Exchange Rio  No Closed  Swingers  Upscale  Pussycats Rio  No ???  Nude  Dive  Red Rooster  Sam’s Town  BYOB 9 PM – 3/5 AM  Swingers  Casual  Sapphire Circus Circus  Yes 24/7  Topless  Upscale  Sheri’s Cabaret Circus Circus  No Closed  Nude  Casual  Spearmint Rhino Treasure Island  Yes  24/7  Topless  Upscale  Talk of the Town  Stratosphere  No 4 PM – 2 AM  Nude  Dive  The Horse Palace Station Yes 24/7 Topless Casual  Treasure’s Circus Circus  Yes 4 PM – 6 AM  Topless  Upscale Las Vegas Strip Clubs are ranked accordingly: Upscale represent a high end establishment with luxurious amenities so be prepared for high than average prices. Casual refers to an intermediate club that usually offers bargain specials as well as some lavish features. A dive strip club is most likely a small place that offers lowers prices and a limited numbers of dancers. Please be advised that the hours posted above may not be valid on Sundays.   What is So Special About Las Vegas Strip Clubs? Las Vegas is a popular tourist destination that caters to adults, one such attraction is visiting a strip club. Currently the Las Vegas Valley is home to over 30 such strip clubs making it a highly competitive and rewarding business. Today visiting Las Vegas strip clubs is a common occurrence that is enjoy by numerous people from all walks of life. At one time such businesses were considered to be seedy and unmoral and looked down on. That is not the case today as many clubs are luxurious and appeal to a high end customer base. How are Las Vegas Strip Clubs Defined? Las Vegas strip clubs consist of  a wide range of adult oriented businesses from a small topless bar to a 70,000 square foot gentlemen’s club. Let’s take a look at the type of strip clubs that will be reviewed: Totally Nude Clubs which have dancers ages 18 on up that dance nude however the club does not have a liqueur license so no alcohol is served instead drinks consist of soda and juice. These are many times referred to as juice bars. Topless Bars which have dancers who perform topless but not completely nude however the club does have a liqueur licence and in most cases offers a full bar with bottle service. These clubs are the most popular and range from low end dives to upscale luxurious clubs. Swinger Clubs – Also referred to as social clubs, these are establishments that provide a safe environment for singles and couples of all sexual orientations to come together for sexual experimentation and erotic encounters. These clubs usually have a cover charge and no liqueur license therefore alcohol beverages are not sold on site. Are All Las Vegas Strip Clubs the Same? The answer to that question is a big NO! Las Vegas strip clubs are available in different sizes, different price ranges, different quality of dancers and offer a different range of value. They can very greatly from one club to another. Many people, especially tourists will settle for the first strip club they see but that may not be the best club for them. Choosing the right strip club to visit depends on your budget, whether or not you prefer alcohol beverages and whether if you want to experience a large strip club setting or a smaller more intimate setting. By reviewing the many pages within this site you should be able to select the perfect strip club that suits your expectations and budget concerns.   (C) Las Vegas Strip Clubs 2013 | About / Contact Us | Terms & Disclaimers | Privacy Policy
Explore Pros & Cons of Controversial Issues Legal Prostitution HOME MORE ISSUES EDUCATION College Education D.A.R.E. School Uniforms Standardized Tests Tablets vs. Textbooks Teacher Tenure ELECTIONS & PRESIDENTS 2008 Presidential Election (archived 2009) 2012 Presidential Election (archived 2013) 2016 Presidential Election Bill Clinton Felon Voting Local Elections Ronald Reagan Voting Machines HEALTH & MEDICINE Abortion Euthanasia Medical Marijuana Milk Obamacare / Health Care Laws Obesity Prescription Drug Ads to Consumers Right to Health Care Vaccines for Kids Vegetarianism MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT Social Networking Video Games and Violence MONEY & BUSINESS Big Three Auto Bailout (archived 2009) Corporate Tax Rate & Jobs Gold Standard Insider Trading by Congress (archived 2012) POLITICS ACLU Concealed Handguns Death Penalty Drinking Age Gun Control Illegal Immigration Social Security Privatization WTC Muslim Center (archived 2013) RELIGION Churches and Taxes Under God in the Pledge SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY Alternative Energy vs. Fossil Fuels Animal Testing Cell Phones Climate Change SEX & GENDER Born Gay? Origins of Sexual Orientation Gay Marriage Prostitution SPORTS College Football Playoffs (archived 2012) Drug Use in Sports Golf - Is It a Sport? WORLD / INTERNATIONAL Cuba Embargo Drones Israeli-Palestinian Conflict US-Iraq War (archived 2011) ABOUT US METRICS MEDIA TRAFFIC TESTIMONIALS SUPPORT / DONATE DONORS & SPONSORS TEACHERS' CORNER FAQS CONTACT US Legal Prostitution - MAIN PAGE & RESOURCES LIST Featured Resources Should Prostitution Be Legal? Top 10 Pros and Cons Did You Know? Historical Timeline Comments Pros & Cons by Category CORE QUESTION Defining Terms Key Concepts and Demographics Brothels Crime Decriminalization vs. Legalization Demean Women? Economics Health Human Trafficking Marriage and Prostitution Morality Personal Freedom and Liberty Pornography Red-Light Districts Viewpoints from Involved Parties Projects 100 Countries and Their Prostitution Policies US Federal and State Prostitution Laws and Related Punishments US and State Prostitution Arrests, 2001-2010 Opinion Polls/Surveys Percentage of Men (by Country) Who Paid for Sex at Least Once: The Johns Chart Learn More Source Biographies Glossary Notices Archive Site Map Additional Resources Rhode Island Outlaws Indoor Prostitution, Closing Legal Loophole  HOME  MORE ISSUES EDUCATION College Education D.A.R.E. School Uniforms Standardized Tests Tablets vs. Textbooks Teacher Tenure ELECTIONS & PRESIDENTS 2008 Presidential Election (archived 2009) 2012 Presidential Election (archived 2013) 2016 Presidential Election Bill Clinton Felon Voting Local Elections Ronald Reagan Voting Machines HEALTH & MEDICINE Abortion Euthanasia Medical Marijuana Milk Obamacare / Health Care Laws Obesity Prescription Drug Ads to Consumers Right to Health Care Vaccines for Kids Vegetarianism MEDIA & ENTERTAINMENT Social Networking Video Games and Violence MONEY & BUSINESS Big Three Auto Bailout (archived 2009) Corporate Tax Rate & Jobs Gold Standard Insider Trading by Congress (archived 2012) POLITICS ACLU Concealed Handguns Death Penalty Drinking Age Gun Control Illegal Immigration Social Security Privatization WTC Muslim Center (archived 2013) RELIGION Churches and Taxes Under God in the Pledge SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY Alternative Energy vs. Fossil Fuels Animal Testing Cell Phones Climate Change SEX & GENDER Born Gay? Origins of Sexual Orientation Gay Marriage Prostitution SPORTS College Football Playoffs (archived 2012) Drug Use in Sports Golf - Is It a Sport? WORLD / INTERNATIONAL Cuba Embargo Drones Israeli-Palestinian Conflict US-Iraq War (archived 2011) ABOUT US METRICS MEDIA FAQS TRAFFIC TESTIMONIALS CONTACT US DONORS & SPONSORS SUPPORT / DONATE TEACHERS' CORNER Legal Prostitution Home Featured Resources 1. Should Prostitution Be Legal? 2. Top 10 Pros and Cons 3. Did You Know? 4. Historical Timeline 5. Comments +Pros & Cons by Category CORE QUESTION Defining Terms Key Concepts and Demographics Brothels Crime Decriminalization vs. Legalization Demean Women? Economics Health Human Trafficking Marriage and Prostitution Morality Personal Freedom and Liberty Pornography Red-Light Districts Viewpoints from Involved Parties Projects 6. 100 Countries and Their Prostitution Policies 7. US Federal and State Prostitution Laws and Related Punishments 8. US and State Prostitution Arrests, 2001-2010 9. Opinion Polls/Surveys 10. Percentage of Men (by Country) Who Paid for Sex at Least Once: The Johns Chart Learn More 11. Source Biographies 12. Glossary 13. Notices Archive 14. Site Map + Additional Resources Rhode Island Outlaws Indoor Prostitution, Closing Legal Loophole Thanks! Get free email updates: Last updated on: 3/5/2009 10:40:00 AM PST Glossary cite facebook twitter google+ email print T E R M S A Abolition Assignation B Bawdy House Bordello Brothel C Call Girl Call House Cat House Clandestinas Coitus Courtesan Criminalize Curb Crawling D Decriminalize E Escort F Felony Femmes Libres G Gigolo Globalization H Harlot Hooker House of Ill Fame Human Trafficking Hustle J John K Kerb Crawler L Lady of the Night Legalize Lewd Libertarian M Madam Marginalize Misdemeanor   N   O P Pander Patriarchy Pimp Prostitute Prostitution Punter Q R Red-Light S Self-Determination Sex Worker Soapland Solicitation Street Walker Strumpet T Trafficking Transactional Sex U V Victimize W Whore X Y Z TERM DEFINITION Abolition The act of formally destroying something through legal means, either by making it illegal, or simply no longer allowing it to exist in any form. Assignation An appointment for a meeting between lovers. An engagement. Bawdy House A house appropriated to the purposes of prostitution. Bordello A house appropriated to the purposes of prostitution. Brothel A house appropriated to the purposes of prostitution. Call Girl A female prostitute with whom an appointment may be made by telephone. Call House A house or apartment where call girls may be procured. Cat House A house appropriated to the purposes of prostitution. Clandestinas Name given to prostitutes, in a country with a legal system regulating prostitution, who work illegally as unregistered prostitutes. Coitus Sexual intercourse between a male and a female involving insertion of the penis into the vagina. Courtesan A prostitute with courtly, wealthy, or upper-class clientele. Criminalize To impose a criminal penalty on or for; outlaw. Curb Crawling The practice of trying to pick up a prostitute by driving slowly along the curb. Decriminalize To remove or reduce the criminal classification or status. Escort A person, often a prostitute, who is hired to spend time with another as a companion. Felony A crime sufficiently serious to be punishable by death or a term in state or federal prison, as distinguished from a misdemeanor. Femmes Libres A sexually active unmarried woman. Often used as a euphemism for a prostitute. Gigolo A male prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. Globalization Growth to a global or worldwide scale. Harlot A prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. Hooker A prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. House of Ill Fame A house appropriated to the purposes of prostitution. Human Trafficking The commercial trade (smuggling) of human beings, who are subjected to involuntary acts such as begging, sexual exploitation (eg. prostitution and forced marriage), or forced labor (eg. involuntary servitude or working in sweatshops). Hustle To engage in prostitution. John A prostitute's client. Kerb Crawler Someone who drives slowly along the curb seeking sex from prostitutes. Lady of the Night Euphemistic term for a prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. Legalize To make legal; To give legal validity or sanction to. Lewd Sexual in an obvious and rude way. Libertarian An advocate of the doctrine of free will. A person who upholds the principles of individual liberty especially of thought and action. Madam The female head of a house of prostitution. Marginalize To relegate to an unimportant or powerless position within society or a group. Misdemeanor A lesser crime usually punishable by a fine and/or county jail time for up to one year. Pander To procure sexual favors for somebody (ex. a pimp or madam). Patriarchy A system of society in which men hold most or all of the power. Pimp A person, usually a man, who solicits customers for a prostitute or a brothel, in return for a share of the earnings. Prostitute One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. Prostitution The act of engaging in sexual intercourse or performing other sex acts in exchange for payment. Punter British slang for a prostitute's client. A john. Red-Light A part of a city where people and businesses sell sex. Self-Determination Free choice of one's own acts or states without external compulsion. Sex Worker A person whose work involves sexually explicit behavior. Includes prostitutes. Soapland A type of brothel in Japan that involves bathing. Solicitation The crime of encouraging or inducing another to commit a crime or join in the commission of a crime. Solicitation may refer to a prostitute's (or their pimp's) offer of sexual acts for pay. Street Walker A prostitute who solicits in the streets. Strumpet A prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. Trafficking See Human Trafficking. Transactional Sex The giving of gifts or services in return for sex. Those who receive the gifts generally have other sources of incomes. Victimize To make a victim of. Whore A prostitute. One who engages in sexual intercourse or performs other sex acts in exchange for payment. DONATE - Donate to ProCon.org - DONATE Visit the ProCon.org community on: Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Plus tumblr YouTube Linkedin RSS Reprinting Policy | How to Cite ProCon.org | Media & Press | Donate to ProCon.org | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy Debate Topics | State Laws | History of... | Critical Thinking Quotes | Teaching Controversial Issues TRANSLATE into 100+ Languages and Dialects © 2016 ProCon.org, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit | 233 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 200, Santa Monica, CA 90401 | Tel: 310-451-9596
InstagramFacebook Twitter Search Donate The Problem What is Sex Trafficking? FAQs Glossary of Terms What We Do Prevent Training Awareness Collaboration Restore Programs Partners Stories of Hope Bring Justice Policy Development Legislative Action Center Resources Research Store Policy Tools Join The Cause Ambassadors of Hope Become a Defender Report Trafficking Add A Badge Donate News & Events Latest News Request a Speaker Host an Event Attend an Event Press Center About Us Our Mission and Values Our Story Our Impact Financial Accountability Leadership Join Our Team Contact Us 0 Items Home > The Problem > Trafficking Terms Trafficking Terms The following list of key terms used in sex trafficking is published in Renting Lacy: A Story of America’s Prostituted Children by Linda Smith. To learn more, order your copy of Renting Lacy today. Automatic — A term denoting the victim’s “automatic” routine when her pimp is out of town, in jail, or otherwise not in direct contact with those he is prostituting. Victims are expected to comply with the rules and often do so out of fear of punishment or because they have been psychologically manipulated into a sense of loyalty or love. All money generated on “automatic” is turned over to the pimp. This money may be used to support his concession/phone account or to pay his bond if he’s in jail. Bottom — A female appointed by the trafficker/pimp to supervise the others and report rule violations. Operating as his “right hand,” the Bottom may help instruct victims, collect money, book hotel rooms, post ads, or inflict punishments on other girls. Branding — A tattoo or carving on a victim that indicates ownership by a trafficker/pimp/gang. Brothel (a/k/a Cathouse or Whorehouse) — These establishments may be apartments, houses, trailers, or any facility where sex is sold on the premises. It could be in a rural area or nice neighborhood. Most brothels have security measures to prevent attacks by other criminals or provide a warning if law enforcement are nearby. The security is two sided–to keep the women and children in, as well as robbers out. The places often are guarded (and open) 24 hours a day, but some have closing times in which the victims are locked in from the outside. Victims may be kept in this location for extended periods of time, or rotated to other locations every few days.  Caught A Case — A term that refers to when a pimp or victim has been arrested and charged with a crime. Choosing Up — The process by which a different pimp takes “ownership” of a victim. Victims are instructed to keep their eyes on the ground at all times. According to traditional pimping rules, when a victim makes eye contact with another pimp (accidentally or on purpose), she is choosing him to be her pimp. If the original pimp wants the victim back, he must pay a fee to the new pimp. When this occurs, he will force the victim to work harder to replace the money lost in transaction. (See Reckless Eyeballing) Circuit — A series of cities among which prostituted people are moved. One example would be the West Coast circuit of San Diego, Las Vegas, Portland, and the cities between. The term can also refer to a chain of states such as the “Minnesota pipeline” by which victims are moved through a series of locations from Minnesota to markets in New York. Daddy — The term a pimp will often require his victim to call him. Date — The exchange when prostitution takes place, or the activity of prostitution. A victim is said to be “with a date” or “dating.” Escort Service — An organization, operating chiefly via cell phone and the internet, which sends a victim to a buyer’s location (an “outcall”) or arranges for the buyer to come to a house or apartment (an “in-call”); this may be the workplace of a single woman or a small brothel. Some escort services are networked with others and can assemble large numbers of women for parties and conventions. Exit Fee — The money a pimp will demand from a victim who is thinking about trying to leave. It will be an exorbitant sum, to discourage her from leaving. Most pimps never let their victims leave freely. Family/Folks — The term used to describe the other individuals under the control of the same pimp. He plays the role of father (or “Daddy”) while the group fulfills the need for a “family.” Finesse Pimp/Romeo Pimp — One who prides himself on controlling others primarily through psychological manip­ulation. Although he may shower his victims with affection and gifts (especially during the recruitment phase), the threat of violence is always present. Gorilla (or Guerilla) Pimp — A pimp who controls his victims almost entirely through physical violence and force. “John” (a/k/a Buyer or “Trick”) — An individual who pays for or trades something of value for sexual acts. Kiddie Stroll – An area known for prostitution that features younger victims. Lot Lizard — Derogatory term for a person who is being prostituted at truck stops. Madam — An older woman who manages a brothel, escort service or other prostitution establishment. She may work alone or in collaboration with other traffickers. Out of Pocket —  The phrase describing when a victim is not under control of a pimp but working on a pimp-controlled track, leaving her vulnerable to threats, harassment, and violence in order to make her “choose” a pimp. This may also refer to a victim who is disobeying the pimp’s rules. Pimp Circle — When several pimps encircle a victim to intimidate through verbal and physical threats in order to discipline the victim or force her to choose up. Quota — A set amount of money that a trafficking victim must make each night before she can come “home.” Quotas are often set between $300 and $2000. If the victim returns without meeting the quota, she is typically beaten and sent back out on the street to earn the rest. Quotas vary according to geographic region, local events, etc. Reckless Eyeballing — A term which refers to the act of looking around instead of keeping your eyes on the ground. Eyeballing is against the rules and could lead an untrained victim to “choose up” by mistake. Renegade — A person involved in prostitution without a pimp. Seasoning — A combination of psychological manipulation, intimidation, gang rape, sodomy, beatings, deprivation of food or sleep, isolation from friends or family and other sources of support, and threatening or holding hostage of a victim’s children. Seasoning is designed to break down a victim’s resistance and ensure compliance. Squaring Up — Attempting to escape or exit prostitution.  Stable — A group of victims who are under the control of a single pimp. The Game/The Life — The subculture of prostitution, complete with rules, a hierarchy of authority, and language. Referring to the act of pimping as ‘the game’ gives the illusion that it can be a fun and easy way to make money, when the reality is much harsher. Women and girls will say they’ve been “in the life” if they’ve been involved in prostitution for a while. Track (a/k/a Stroll or Blade) — An area of town known for prostitution activity. This can be the area around a group of strip clubs and pornography stores, or a particular stretch of street. Trade Up/Trade Down — To move a victim like merchandise between pimps. A pimp may trade one girl for another or trade with some exchange of money. Trick — Committing an act of prostitution (verb), or the person buying it (noun). A victim is said to be “turning a trick” or “with a trick.” Turn Out — To be forced into prostitution (verb) or a person newly involved in prostitution (noun). Wifeys/Wife-in-Law/Sister Wife — What women and girls under the control of the same pimp call each other. (See Family/Folks and Stable.) Order Renting Lacy Learn more about child sex trafficking in America by ordering your copy of Renting Lacy: A Story of America’s Prostituted Children today! This riveting account exposes the dark underworld of the trafficking industry through the stories of those who live there. Order now! Why I Fight Sex Trafficking What Could I Do to Make a Difference? How our Culture normalizes Sexualization Finding Yourself in the Flow of Fighting Sex Trafficking Learn About Our Partners We provide hands-on support and funding to 12 local organizations in 5 countries to support the expansion of innovative restorative programs and expanded shelter options. Learn about our partners. Listen to the Story of Two Teens Tricked into Trafficking Brianna and Lacy team up to teach teens about the warning signs of trafficking. Watch now. Prevention: It Matters! Children: Victims Not Criminals A Southwest Washington Girl was Rescued and Given Her Name Back Knowledge is Powerful and Helpful: How Trauma Can Impact Interviews of DMST More Awareness News The News Creating a county-wide CSEC MDT: Flying the plane as we are building it… Attitude of Gratitude Prevention: It Matters! What is Justice Supposed to Look Like? Children: Victims Not Criminals More Posts from this Category Recent Posts Creating a county-wide CSEC MDT: Flying the plane as we are building it… Receive the latest news and stories Get Updates Donate 1-866-HER-LIFE Facebook Twitter VimeoInstagram Copyright © 2016 Shared Hope International | P.O. Box 65337 Vancouver, WA 98665 | Privacy Policy | Shared Hope is a 501(c)3 non-profit
Go Log In Sign Up entertainment tech lifestyle food health politics money sports interviews All Sections Careers WikiAnswers® Categories Health Sexual Health and Education Sexual Behaviors Sexting What would you like to do? Flag Share In Sexting What does greek means in escort service? What does greek means in escort service? SAVE CANCEL already exists. Would you like to merge this question into it? MERGE CANCEL already exists as an alternate of this question. Would you like to make it the primary and merge this question into it? MERGE CANCEL exists and is an alternate of . Merge this question into Split and merge into it SAVE CANCEL Edit Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. She's open to anal intercourse. She's open to anal intercourse. Minor edit? Save Cancel + 172 others found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Thanks for the feedback! Follow Tom Angleberger Q&A Author: Wrote the "Origami Yoda" children's book series When did you first get into origami making? View Full Interview R32451 15,220 Contributions What does it mean when the service engine soon comes on for a 2000 ford escort zx2?   Answer   It means that the computer has detected a condition that needs to be addressed. Use an OBD2 code scanner to find out what code the computer has stored. Mo…st auto parts retailers can lend, rent or sell you a code scanner for your vehicle. Many of the auto parts retailers will even help you read it. 1 person found this useful What does WS mean in escort service? "Water Sports" -- peeing on each other 3 people found this useful Edit Share to: Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What is lfk in escort service ad? Light French Kissing 15 people found this useful Edit Share to: Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What is the meaning of escort? This all depends on the use of the word escort. An escort could be  someone who helps you from place to place assuring that you arrive  on time, or can be a female prostitut…e. 4 people found this useful Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What is a Redbone in escort service? Mixed. Normally a light skin African American woman. Originally associated with Louisiana women that are mixed with European, African and Native American. Todd Turner + 23 others found this useful Edit Share to: The question and answer are locked and cannot be edited. Rockyshah 21 Contributions What is an escort service? Generally, it is a cover for prostitution. An Escort Service is where you pay someone - either male or female - to be your companion. This service can be offered on an hourly… basis or over a short period of time. The companion can then accompany you to dinner, a corporate function, or just spend time with you in the privacy of your home or hotel. The companionship time does not necessarily include sexual services but the unwritten rule is that this is offered as part of your time together. People who use escort agencies should never provide money up front and never give out credit card or bank details. All of the above is correct, save the part about providing money up front. NO escort will share her time (or anything else) with you until you pay. Can you walk out of a store with a product without paying?? Nope. You might be concerned about getting ripped off, but imagine how much larger the risk the poor girl is taking. You pay up front for the service. As for credit card or bank details, that might depend on where you are. Many agencies here in Toronto carry credit/debit machines with them, or even accept online payments. There is always a review board of escort agencies, for any area in the world, for example: TERB here in Toronto. If you go with a large, well-reviewed agency, you are sure to not get ripped off. It's a business like any other, and it's a HUGE industry in fact. So, just like any other business, you can count on not getting ripped off, so long as you stick to reputable agencies. Yes, the above point is correct .. escort means pay money and possibly enjoy sex with male/female whatever you want for having fun.. Lashawndra Thomas + 79 others found this useful Rockyshah 21 Contributions What is gfe in escort service? It means "Girl Friend Experience" It basically means she will be friendly and not rush you, but mostly it means that she kisses and offers BBBJ, or bareback BJs. Rocky GFE …(girlfriend experience )escort service , means girls will do sex without condom and she will make you feel like girlfriend.. 26 people found this useful Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What does FK mean in escort service? French Kiss 101 people found this useful Edit Share to: Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What does no Greek Mean in the escort buiness? take it in the butt 63 people found this useful Edit Share to: Billyphoenix 11 Contributions How do you run an escort service? You apply to Craig's list. ^^ ummm hullo? They asked about running, not working for. You get into the industry and work in it first. Never been an escort? I wouldn't suggest… it. Running an agency requires you to be an advertiser, a booking agent, a dispatcher, a security guard, a salesman, and a counsellor. I work in the industry, as an escort, and I see all that the owner of my agency goes through, and help him with it often. Starting up, he had NO life for quite a while. He deals with missing drivers, annoying clients, prima Donna drama girls, drug problems on all ends, drama and safety issues, coordinating drivers, customer service, hiring, blah blah blah... And if you do not know 100% of all of that already, from experience, you canNOT do this. You are responsible for the health, safety, and financial stability of many people... And this industry is brutal in terms of the pain, craziness, and drama you need to deal with and squash. Not something you can just go out and "do." Sorry. 5 people found this useful Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. What is PSE and GFE mean in Escort service ad? PSE= porn star experience GFE= girl friend experience 54 people found this useful Edit Share to: Answered by The WikiAnswers® Community Making the world better, one answer at a time. When a escorts offer GE or Grifriend Experience what does she mean whit that what does she offer with that service? It means that they arent only providing the sexual aspect but the whole romanace and the connection that a girlfriend gives you. 2 people found this useful Edit Share to: Aidar24 163 Contributions Answered In American Cars What does escort mean?   To lead the person or other, to a direction. 4 people found this useful Edit Share to: Escorts 5 Contributions Answered In Literature & Language What is the meaning of an escort? Escort has 3 meanings: someone who acts as a bodyguarda person that provides companionship for a fee.a compact car built by Ford Motor Company 11 people found this useful Edit Share to: Paul2ryme 3,764 Contributions Answered In Uncategorized What does a full service escort do? A full service escort will do whatever you pay her for or if it's a man the same thing applies, but going to an escort service is expensive, better you save some money before …going there. 20 people found this useful Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In Uncategorized What type of services will an escort provide? An escort will provide you with companionship services, meaning if you need someone to escort you to an event, they will provide that service. Some escorts also provide extra …favors to their clients. 2 people found this useful Answered In Illegal Acts How-To How can I book escort services in KL? I want to book escort services in KL. Would  anybody help me to know the way to book the service? How can I  reveal the best agencies?  Edit Share to: Experts you should follow Judy Olmsted BS (double major Biology and Chemistry) in 4 years MS microbiology MAT Follow Stacey Thureen I am a writer, speaker, mother, wife, thyroid and autoimmune patient advocate. Follow Alaina Forbes Author of Telecommuting Mommies and the Maestro Mom blogs specializing in working from home. Follow Chris Irwin Host of "Cancer Nation Radio" and creator of CancerCoachChris.com. Follow Log in or Sign Up to follow. Answer these Is Disney movies bad? In: Disney Answer it! How did people earlier conserve environmental resources? In: Waste and Recycling Answer it! What is the better choice between Quick Books Desktop and Quick Books Online? In: Computers Answer it! What is the the target market for LG? In: Business & Finance Answer it! Categories Health Sexual Behaviors Sexual Health and Education Home New questions Recent site activity Random question Promoted questions Community forums Advanced search Top contributors Q&A categories © 2016 Answers About Contact Us Help Center Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Consumer Choice IP Issues Disclaimer Write Articles Directory Choose a video to embed Cancel Embed
Overview Find An Escort The Cost How To Call An Escort Prep For Your Escort How To Date Your Escort Never Get Busted By Cops About JJ JJ0 Comments How To Find An Escort Many people think that finding an escort and having sex with her is as easy as calling her, giving her the money, and then getting laid. But newbies who decide to find and date an escort realize there are some unanticipated pitfalls and landmines with escorts. Some of the things they start to realize: Your challenge with escorts is to avoid the pitfalls. I have the best answers and solutions. What if she is a cop? Can I get arrested? What if she robs me or her pimp beats me up? Why is she asking me for my employment information? Why do I get hung up on? When do I give her the money? When these thoughts start to enter your mind, you realize that the world of escorts is more complicated than you originally thought. Well, I’m here to demystify this world and help you find an escort who will satisfy your sexual fantasies and needs. There are five simple steps to dating an escort: Finding a good escort Preparing to call her Calling her Preparing for your date Dating her ***Btw, if you have a specific question or issue, email me at “jj@beginnerescortguide.com and I’ll try to answer it as soon as I can***   Step 1 – Find an escort who you are attracted to AND who is a good provider Finding the “RIGHT” escort for you at the outset is the most important step of the process This step is the most important in the process. Selecting a good escort will make the remaining steps a lot easier. Obviously, selecting a bad escort will make the following steps hell, and perhaps unrecoverable. Click here for an in-depth, detailed explanation on how to find an escort. But here are the basics. You must first look at where escorts advertise. The largest sites are: Backpage.com CityVibe.com Eros.com There could be smaller regional sites in your area (and they are good resources if they exist), but the larger sites are a good place to start. When looking at the postings, you’ll quickly find escorts who you are attracted to. But you also want to look out for possible scam escorts. Here are some warning signs to look for: If her picture is “too good to be true”, she probably is, but not always. Good research will reveal the truth. Studio pictures – this sometimes (not always) indicates that it could be a bait and switch, where the picture is not really her Multiple listings – if her listing exist in multiple cities, this could indicate a scam If you are still concerned about your selection, here is an advanced strategy for verifying if she is a good escort or not .   Step 2: Get prepared for your call I cannot stress this enough: the purpose of the call is to set your appointment, nothing else. A common newbie mistake is asking her questions about different sex acts during your phone call. This is a huge no-no. And if she is an undercover cop, you’re heading down an easy road of getting arrested. For the quick, professional advise on how to NEVER get arrested, click here.   Before calling the escort, you’ll want to get three things ready: Research Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment References   Research Proper research is essential not just to protect yourself and to get the woman you want, but also to secure a date with her too. Not being prepared will jeopardize your changes with her (and most escorts). Research as much as you can about your chosen woman. Most good escorts will have a website with general information and answers to commonly asked questions. With her ad, along with her website, you should find most of your questioned answered. If you want to take an advanced approach, check with review sites for reviews of her from your fellow hobbyists. There many review sites out there, but one specific site is better than the rest. Click here for a video on exactly how I used this review sites to find an escort.   Date, time, length, and venue of the appointment You should know the when and where of your preferred appointment, and a few alternate times if your first choice is not available. The more open your schedule is, the more likely it is that you’ll get an appointment. Also, time is one of the elements determines the cost of the appointment. The average date is 1 hour, although spending an evening with each other is typically very enjoyable with higher end escorts. The other two elements that determines cost is how beautiful she is and the “level of service” she provides. If you want more detailed knowledge, download my “Expected Cost Guide”. I also give a video explanation of the various cost of escort donation fees. Download it here.     References Being prepared to get verified is one of the key things to getting an appointment. But if you are a newbie with no references, this can be a challenge. But there are ways to overcome it. This is one that tends to throw off newbies. When an escort asks for references, they are looking for one (or two) of these three things: 1) two escorts that you’ve seen in past, 2) employment information, or 3) verification credentials. Obviously if you are a newbie, you will not have two escort references. That means you’re down to either employment information, or verification credentials. The reason why escorts will screen you is because they want to make sure you are not a serial killer or psycho. Verification is one method women will use to protect themselves. Click here for detailed advice on escort verification sites.   Step 3: Making the call Being calm, cool, confident, and collected is my #1 tip and strategy when calling an escort. When calling her, treat her like one of your buddies, but keep your call short. If you’d like to see a video on how a gentleman called an escort, click here. Calling an escort is where the rubber hits the road. Again, I cannot stress enough, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment, nothing else. If you’ve prepared yourself enough, this should be quite simple. Call her, get the appointment, and get off the phone. My best recommendation for this is to treat her as if she was one of your friends or buddies. Use a calm, casual, confident voice. Then get the appointment and get off the phone. Try to make the phone call reasonably short. Do not try to engage her into a conversation, and do not ask her questions that you should already know the answer to. Check out this video on how a gentleman called an escort. He did some things right, but also made some mistakes. Click here to watch the video. Two-Call System The two-call system applies to incall situations (you are going to her). Most escorts will not give you their exact location in your first phone call. Rather, they will give you an approximate location, like major cross streets. When you get close to their location, you call them again stating that you are arriving, and this is typically where they give you their exact location. Sometimes, it may be even a three-call system. In your second call, she may give you the hotel she is staying at, but she may not give you her room number until you actually arrive. Accept the information she gives you in the initial phone calls. Do not force her to give an exact location. Doing so could cause her to cancel the appointment. Remember, the purpose of the call is to set the appointment. In this video, I will show you how this gentleman called an escort. I will also share with you some mistakes he made so you can avoid them when calling an escort. Click here to watch the video.   Step 4: Prepare for your date Preparation is slightly different depending on whether your date with the escort is an incall or an outcall. Incall is less work than outcall because in outcall, you are the host. I will cover incall first.   Incall Preparation Fresh breath and a clean body is an absolute must! Brush your teeth, use mouthwash, and take a shower. Having good hygiene will get you maximum mileage with her! The most important thing you should do when preparing yourself for your date is to have great hygiene. Take a shower before you go to your date. Brush your teeth and use mouthwash. Smelling good and having fresh breath is not only considerate, but will also get you the most mileage from your escort, now and in the future. Next, make sure you have good directions and you know where you are going. Leave yourself plenty of time to get to your appointment. You will want to arrive 10-15 minutes early. Outcall Preparation Hygiene is still the most important. I covered it in the incall preparation, and it’s exactly the same here. However, also you are the host, so you’ll want to have a few things for your escort guest. First, tidy up the room, making sure it is clean and not cluttered. This should be no problem if you just checked in or if room service recently cleaned. Leave a fresh towel and toiletries for your escort guest, making sure these toiletries are unused and unopen. Lastly, offer some refreshments. You can go as fancy as you want, but simply having bottled water on ice is more than enough to be a good host.   Step 5: The date   The date is the easiest part. But there are two areas where newbies make mistakes. Never talk about the money. Never ever. Place the “donation” in a blank envelope and place it where she can easily see it. One of these areas is the donation. Place your donation for her in a blank envelope, and set it in an inconspicuous spot. The two best places are either the bathroom counter, or on top of a desk or dresser. Be sure to make it easy for the escort to spot. You do not want to hand the money to her directly! The reason for this is the money is intended as a donation for her time. Handing the money to her could legally interpreted as money in exchange for a sex act. Click here for more information on “is prostitution legal and is escorting legal?”. Now, on getting things started. The escort will know that you are nervous, so usually she will strip an article of clothing first. I suggest using the mirror technique. When she takes an article of clothing off, you take off that same article of clothing off. Soon you’ll find yourself having the time of your life, and next time, you won’t be a newbie any longer.   Conclusion I hope you got some great information from my article. The next step is to learn the most common mistakes most men make when finding, calling, and going on an appointment with an escort. Avoiding these mistakes will go a long way to your personal safety, your success, and your experience with an escort. You may have instant access to my “Avoid the 10 Mistakes Most Men Make with Escorts”. Click here to download it instantly. Good luck with your endeavor with escorts! It’s a great life to have the ability to spend time with beautiful women who really know how to treat a man. And if you have any questions that I may be able to help you with, email me at jj@beginnerescortguide.com.   Search for: Copyright © 2016 · BeginnerEscortGuide.com · All Rights Reserved - We take your privacy very seriously. Disclaimer: Results will vary, and you should not use this information as a substitute for help from a licensed professional. Good luck! By entering, you agree to our terms and conditions. By entering your email address you are also requesting and agreeing to subscribe to our email newsletter. You must be 18 or older to enter. You can read our FTC Disclosure Statement. If you need to contact support, please go to the Contact Us link below. Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us
Bluelight > Community > Sex, Love and Relationships > Escort services PDA View Full Version : Escort services Janja 04-03-2012, 01:55 Hi. You don't need to know my name but I am 24 and am still a virgin. I want to have sex with a women. I considering saving up and purchasing an escort to lose my virginity. I just have general questions on escort services and any information that you may have would be very helpful. Thank you. I don't want a strip dance or anything like that, I want to penetrate (with condom whatever) and the only requirement I have is a relatively clean-looking girl/women. I see a number of escort services listed for my area (NE USA) in my Yellow Pages book. When I call, how do I properly express a desire to "have sex" and not anything else, like a 'hot oil rub'? Is there a specific term I should use when I call that may be "coded" or "known only in the industry"? I really want to have sex so any help would be appreciated. I am a good looking man, but I am shy and don't want to try and find a girlfriend for the night in a bar or something, and I don't have a well paying job for a long term girlfriend at the moment. Again, any help is awesome. Thanks. :) TheLostBoys 04-03-2012, 05:31 You're better off going to a bar & getting a girl. Once you get a girl drinking & shes enjoying your company, you usually will get laid.......... If you wanna go the escort route, make sure you explain the person you call what you're looking for in a woman. Dont say anything on the phone about sex & how much money for certain sexual encounters. If you want step by step on what to do correctly, just google your question about escorts & you should get an answer..........remember, google is your friend. shahab6 04-03-2012, 09:06 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Janja 04-03-2012, 10:14 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. shahab6 04-03-2012, 21:12 Thank you so much for that post shahab6. Helpful beyond what I had hoped for. no problem, keep us updated on your experience. i against i 04-03-2012, 21:34 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! BeachBum4u 06-03-2012, 01:49 make sure you wank a lot before you go. or drink a couple beers or something. i'm pretty sure if i was in this situation i would just blow on the first thrust. and i have done that and it's absolutely no fun! also this book http://www.amazon.com/Hot-Sex-How-Tracey-Cox/dp/055338032X is fucking amazing, i read it alot before my first time and was great. have fun! DITTO! She'll most likely have you so turned on, you'll be done before you even get started with intercourse. For someone in your situation, it's just biologically "the way it is". I don't know what else to tell you but do try your best to enjoy it though. It doesn't get much better than new p*ssy!! Alex000 06-03-2012, 05:59 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. xstayfadedx 06-03-2012, 06:38 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? Anyways I think you shouldn't do it... Its just not worth it. You should wait until you find someone because what are you going to do when you want to have sex again? (I'm sure you will want to). Are you going to call up the escorts every time? Isn't it actually more nerve racking getting an escort than just a regular chick.... I don't know but think this through. shahab6 06-03-2012, 18:22 This is not the way I would have wanted to lose my virginity. I lost it very naturally, unexpectedly. It was fluid and just "right". IMO that is how it should be. Sex is VERY important in human nature. You do not want your first experience to feel artificial or forced or manufactured, I think you should wait until the right woman comes along. Being a virgin is not something to be ashamed of at all. Social anxiety can be solved in a number of ways, and you can transform yourself into a very desirable character with the right attitude and the right demeanor. It may be hard to believe, but nothing is impossible. Waiting will make it that much better. It is the hunt that makes the kill so fun. You want a woman to be with you because she wants to for her pleasure, not for money, not to get by, not because she has to. I have nothing against the act of prostitution itself. IMO it should be legal, but I really advise you not to lose your virginity via this method. well his going to be practing until the right girl comes a long. Plus he mentioned he doesn't want to get a gf. Jonb 07-03-2012, 02:20 Remember you aren't paying for sex... You are paying her to leave. Nothing wrong with that IMO. J Alex007 07-03-2012, 02:29 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. billdeserthills 07-03-2012, 03:24 I can't believe all the negativity on here. You should do as you like, as you have no one to please save yourself. Not that I have ever paid for it, but millions of people have and nobody can say they were all wrong. augustaB 07-03-2012, 03:50 Gee, I lost my cherry to a hooker when I was just 17. She was nice really. It was just me that was stupid ;) Lots of escorts advertise in the classifieds. The younger ones charge more. A mature lady may well be more understanding. Please be polite when do your visit and please don't be drunk. Hookers hate having to deal with drunks. Agree your price and what you want before starting. Don't take more money than you can afford with you. Don't be shy and don't hide your body away. A working girl will have seen more men's bodies than you can imagine. As long as it's clean they don't mind too much. Be friendly but don't expect friendship. I had a period in my life that I visited lots of hookers. Some of them were nice, some of them indifferent. Everyone was different, so just be yourself. stardust.hero 07-03-2012, 03:55 you have to ask them, do you offer full services. or how much for full services If they say yes, it means sex is involved. I don't recommend you contact an agency in the Yellow Pages, because they charge a lot more, usually twice as much as a non agency girl. you can find individuals escorts online directories, or even some online classified website. They refer to themselves as individual escorts. You can also ask them how much for one hour? usually one hour means full on sex 30mins means blowjob. Usually what I do is I call them, and I tell them I saw your ad online, how much for your service? they usually reply with oh 30mins is x dollar and one hour is x dollar. if they offer incall, they give me some close location to where they are, for example, they will say once you are on this street, give me a call. Once I reached that street, I call them again, then they give me the complete hotel or rarely there apartment address, unless your a regular, then they will let you go to there place. a lot of them usually live in these hotels. Once I reached the hotel, then they give me the room number. Once you're inside, if there friendly, they will chat a little bit 5-10mins, if they're not friendly, immediately they will tell you to take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, then they will tell you to rub them. I guess the point is, if you're undercover, you won't get completely naked, but I don't know if this is a myth or not. Just like when they say if you ask a undercover if there a cop, they have to say yes, which is a complete myth. Anyway after a few mins of rubbing or nude message, they will tell you to put the donation aside. Once you put the money aside, she completely gets naked, if not already, she will start giving a few mins of blowjob, to get you completely hard if your already not and then she will tell you what position you like, then you have sex with her, until you cum, and then you go home. since you never had sex life. I recommend you do this, for different reasons, one you will realize that sex is overrated, two you will have more confidence with the average girl. A lot of these escort girls, are a lot better looking than the average girl, you will have that feeling you just had sex with a good looking girl, and if you get turned down by the average girl you won't feel as bad. Amazing advice. The part about gaining confidence is really important. Goodluck Janja <3 axl blaze 07-03-2012, 07:25 I thought on bluelight we weren't suppose to give advice on illegal topics or am I wrong on this? not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) shahab6 07-03-2012, 19:43 They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the . has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Also not doing something in fear of it going bad is no excuse in not doing something. Im sure a lot of us got bad drug product, but that didnt stop us from not ever doing it, we went to someone else. Thats the problem when things are illegal, if it was legal, like someplaces, you don't have to worry about that stuff. When things are illegal, it can create many problems for both parties. When its not regulated, bad things can happen to both side. LuGoJ 07-03-2012, 20:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. shahab6 07-03-2012, 21:25 Also if you found a good looking friendly nice one, You can call her again. so you don't have to keep looking again for another.. As other say they can scam you. But then again half the fun is looking for new one, and being with a new one. xstayfadedx 08-03-2012, 00:55 not quite true. this is a harm reduction board, where we realize that people are going to do what they are going to do - we just want to help them reduce the risks think about the logic there - if we didn't give advice for illegal topics, this whole site would be shut down! possessing/doing drugs is illegal, after all :) I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? billdeserthills 08-03-2012, 05:51 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? Sorry, I still don't get it PriestTheyCalledHim 08-03-2012, 06:18 I was high and worded that wrong. I thought we weren't suppose to give advice on how to get a hooker? I don't know I'm wording this wrong still but it doesn't matter. Like how we aren't suppose to say how to sneak drugs into jail or how to rob a store. Get what I'm sayin? I get it. In a lot of places paying for a prostitue is illegal. In other places it's completely legal. I don't know where the OP is from so for all I know prostitution could be completely legal in the country where he's from. I don't think it's the best thing to buy sex or even do sex for pay as your first time having sex with someone but everyone's different and while I've never done either some people have done one or the other and it's their choice. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:05 Truth. I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before you even entertain the idea. The last thing you want is to get played. The fact that you used the word hobbyist shows that you know what you are talking about. OP, forget every single thing that everyone has told u on this thread and focus on what LuGoJ just advised, " I would do a lot of reading on hobbyist forums before even entertaining the idea." On those forums you will discover which agencies are legit and which aren't and which chicks are GFE and which are scams. Alex007 08-03-2012, 07:15 has that ever happend to you, where the girl walked out on you after 10mins? Let's just say someone very very close to me runs a legitimate agency that assures GFE and client satisfaction. Every wealthy hobbyist from NYC, Boston, Vermont, etc comes to my Canadian city to hobby. If you know anything about the game you could easily guess which city that is. Many chicks are infamous for ditching their clients in the first 30 mins. Some will exploit you with " extra options", and since pussy is such a strong drug, they'll leave u with nothing. Some chicks will straight up tell u to go pay the receptionist, and by the time u get back the "receptionist" will disappear and the escort as well. Some will lie and tell their pimp or the driver that u tried to beat them up, and u know exactly what happens after that. Trust me it's a dirty game. DrunkardsDream 08-03-2012, 07:33 Stay away from escorts. The pimps and their escorts will take every newbie to the cleaners. And since you're new to the game you will not be able to filter out who is legit and who isn't. Alot of chicks offering GFE are anything but GFE. What they say on the phone or in their ad doesn't mean shit. They'll rape u on the options or they'll walk out on u after 10 mins even though u paid for the hour. You'll be sitting on the bed alone all clueless, jerking off for 50 minutes while being 300 bucks poorer. Real, all day erryday, beleeeeve dat. Oh yeah, and if the encounter happens to go well, you might end up pussywhipped and hooked on paying for sex, forever. And you know how that ends, so be careful my brother. What is GFE? OP-Do you really want to lose your virginity to a hooker? If you do this use condoms but if the prostitute is any good they'll make you use condoms. Don't a lot of hookers use condoms when sucking dick? Do people give oral sex or rim jobs to female prostitutes or would someone actually want to do this? I know among bisexual and gay men that oral sex sometimes just giving or sometimes just getting is a staple and it's sex but many of us will do it to a BF/partner for hours at a time if we can. I'm not into rimming but I have friends who really enjoy it and love to get it or do it to someone. The only guys I've ever known who don't like getting oral sex or giving oral sex are men who are only into either getting or giving anal sex and that's mainly all they do when they have sex. I am OK with giving anal sex to a man but I want him to be a partner and we use condoms. I have dated men who all they wanted to do was anal sex and I found them to be very boring. I agree with XstayfadedX, the first time you have sex it might not be all that special but you're going to want to do it again with whoever it is and it could be that same night or pretty soon after that. I'm a gay man and while I have never paid for sex I have some older gay male friends who have and they're mainly only attracted to younger adult gay men and have trouble finding them in bars or on hook up sites, and some only do it once a year or a few times a year when they travel for business. Others have kinks or fetishes that their partner does not like to do or doesn't understand so they pay someone to do it for them like how some men pay a Dominatrix. Alex007 08-03-2012, 08:18 GFE means Girlfriend Experience. In GFE, the escort offers you services that are typical of a girlfriend; BBBJ (blowjob without a condom) LFK/DFK (light or deep french kissing) DATY(eating her pussy) and penetration with a condom. If the client is not getting these services even though he paid for GFE, he is getting fucked in the ass. Client can also opt for extras on top of the basic GFE services. This would include things like CIM( cumming in her mouth) GREEK(anal sex), etc. All of these will cost extra. However, some chicks might provide these services in the basic GFE package, which is a great offer especially if she is superrrrrrrr hot. And yes, some escorts rim guys and vice-versa. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
NewsV Marijuana Politics Longform Daily Newsletter Weekly Newsletter MusicV Concert Reviews Profiles Concert Calendar Bars & Lounges Music Newsletter Food & DrinkV Denver Restaurant Guide Restaurant Reviews Bars & Lounges Food & Drink Newsletter Arts & CultureV Theater Geek Art Reviews Arts & Culture Newsletter CalendarV Submit an Event Concerts Things To Do Newsletter Film & TVV News & Interviews Film Reviews Showtimes Trailers Film & TV Newsletter Longform MarijuanaV Marijuana News Dispensaries Strains Laws Marijuana Newsletter Videos Slideshows Best Of Denver®V Best Of Newsletter PromotionsV Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Deals Classifieds Apps, About Us, Contact Us, Staff, Careers, Advertise, E-Edition, Privacy, Terms menu Glossary of Prostitution Terms How Sustainable Is Denver? Remember Me SIGN IN › Forgot Password? Or sign in with a social account: FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO! Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Connect. Discover. Share. Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all-access pass to everything local on events, music, restaurants, news and more. Enter your email or sign up with a social account to get started FACEBOOK TWITTER GOOGLE+ YAHOO! Privacy Policy SIGN UP › Already registered? Login › *Email *Username *Password Name *Zipcode DONE MVN Sign In › Don't have an account yet? Sign Up › Facebook Twitter Follow @denverwestword Other Sean Cronin Glossary of Prostitution Terms Wednesday, November 7, 2007 at 11:36 a.m. By Sean Cronin A A Facebook - Twitter - More shares recommend reddit email - - Glendale Police have come to rely on the website Videovigilante.com for some of their more detailed intelligence on the flesh trade. Like this glossary of industry terms, which comes straight from the site: AMP = Asian Massage Parlor AAMP = Apartment Asian Massage Parlor. Based in a residential apartment instead of a commercial storefront. ABC = american born chinese ABJ = american born japanese Agency = a company that manages calls, bookings, and advertising for a group of providers. AMP = Asian Massage Parlor analinus = licking anus Asian = analingus, oral sex to the anus Asian Cowgirl = girl on top, squatting ASP = Adult Service Provider, or alt.sex.prostitution newsgroup ASPD = Adult Service Provider Discussion ATF = All Time Favorite ATM = ass to mouth Aunt Flo = menstruation babyback = petite, young, attractive Asian bait and switch = person who shows up is a different one than advertised bareback = without condom BJ = blow job = oral sex = fellatio BBBJ = bare back blow job, oral sex without condom BBBJTC = bare back blow job to completion (in mouth) BBBJTCIM = bare back blow job to completion in mouth BBBJTCWS = bare back blow job to completion with swallow BBBJWF = bare back blow job with facial BBFS = bare back sex BBW = big beautiful woman BCD = Behind Closed Doors (as in private and discrete) BDSM = bondage, discipline, sado-masochism. BF = boy friend BFE = boy friend experience (Guy takes care of her desires as well) birdwatching = BBBJTCWS BLS = ball licking and sucking blue pill = Viagra butter face = everything looks good, but her face BTW = by the way cash and dash = ROB who takes the money and runs CBJ = covered blow job, oral sex with condom CC Rider = full service provider costing $200 or less CDS = covered doggy style CFS = covered full service, Sex with condom CG = cowgirl = girl on top facing you CH = Crazy Horse, SF Strip Club CIM = cum in mouth CL = craigslist.org CMD = carpet matches drapes, typically a natural blonde CMT = Certified Massage Therapist. A professional masseuse. Cowgirl = CG = girl on top facing you cover = condom cups of coffee = releases DATY = dining at the y = cunnilingus, oral sex performed on a woman DDP = double digit penetration, kitty and anus Dodge = Mission Blvd, between A St and 14th St, in Hayward, CA Doggie = man behind girl, girl on hands and knees Doubles = A threesome with two girls and you DDE = doesn't do extras (PS only) DDG = drop dead gorgeous DFK = deep french kissing, open mouth with tongue DIY = do it yourself (masturbation) DT = deep throat ECR = el camino real EOM = end of message. No text in message body. facial = cumming on partner's face FBSM = full body sensual massage FIV = finger in vagina FKK = Frei Körper Kultur. German brothel / nudist club. FOB = fresh off the boat. Asian immigrant recently arrived in the US. FOV = finger outside vagina French = BJ, or oral sex in general French Kiss = Kissing with tongue insertion FS = full service = BJ + Sex Get Brain = blow job Get Comfortable = get completely naked GFE = girlfriend experience. (different variants of the definition but the basic definition includes: FS, BJ, DATY, not a clock watcher, could kiss - treats you like her Boy Friend) GG = Golden Gypsy. defunct Berkeley massage parlor GND = girl next door Greek = anal sex, back door GS = golden shower = urination play GSM = g-spot massage hardwood floors = clean shaven kitty Hat = condom HDH = high dollar hottie HJ = hand job = a manual / hand release HM = high mileage HME = honeymoon experience, lapdog heaven HWP = height and weight proportionate IMHO = in my humble opinion Incall = Meet the girl at her apartment or hotel room interpreter = condom Italian = penis rubbing between butt cheeks ISO = in search of Lapdog = person who worships providers to excess. LDL = low dollar looker (opposite of HDH) LE = law enforcement LK = light kissing, closed mouth LOS = land of smiles (Thailand) mamasan = female manager of a massage parlor MBOT = Mitchell Brothers O'Farrell Theatre, SF Strip Club MBR = multiple bell ringing = MSOG MILF = mom I'd like to f-ck Mish = missionary position, or the SF Mission District Missionary = man on top, girl on back mohawk = thin rectangular strip of pubic hair MP = massage parlor MP = multiple pops = multiple releases MSC = Market Street Cinema, SF Strip Club MSOG = multiple shots on goal = multiple releases NCT = New Century Theatre, SF Strip Club NQNS = Non Quitter Non Spitter (Provider term for guys who just never get there) NSA = no strings attached Outcall: Girl comes to your home or hotel room OWO = oral without condom OWOTC = oral without condom to completion papasan = male manager of a massage parlor party hat = condom PIV = penis in vagina PL = Pathetic Loser PO = phone operator PS = Private Show (Dance) PSE = Porn Star Experience (Opposite of GFE - professional attitude, clock watcher with perfect timing, but an incredibly good time. So good it would be like being in a porn movie and the business like attitude just wasn't a problem) PV = private viewing (Dancing, getting naked, some touching but not FS, CBJ or HJ) RA = relaxation assistant raincoat = condom RB = myredbook.com rimming = analingus RMP = Russian Massage Parlor ROB = Rip Off Bitch Reverse cowgirl = RCG = girl on top facing away Reverse massage = you massage her Roman shower = vomit play RPG = role playing games Russian = penis rubbing between breasts = Pearl Necklace = titty fuck SC = Strip Club SF = San Francisco shill = an insider posing as a satisfied customer SO = significant other SOG = shot on goal = one release SOMF = sat on my face south of the border = gential region southern france = BBBJ SP = Service Provider SPA = San Pablo Avenue in Oakland, CA spanish = ATM = ass to mouth spinner = very petite, thin girl STD = sexually transmitted disease stroll = path frequented by street walkers SW = street walker TAMP = Therapeutic Asian Massage Parlor teabag = man squats and dips balls in partner's mouth TG = transgender TGTBT = too good to be true Tina = crystal meth TJ = Tijuana TL = Tenderloin district, San Francisco. between Van Ness Ave, Post St, Taylor St, and Golden Gate Ave tossing salad = analingus Troll = rude and hideous PL Trolling = Posting thinly disguised ads in a discussion forum TOFTT = Take one for the team. In reference to a new, non-reviewed provider. TS = transexual TUMA = tongue up my ass TV = transvestite WTF = What the fuck? XOXO = Kisses & Hugs YMMV = Your mileage may vary. Your service level could be different than reported by others. Applies to everyone, some more so than others. (Meaning each person may have an experience with an individual provider that is different than the person posting due to personalities and other intangible factors. Also has been used jokingly for "Your Money May Vanish" ) 1/2 and 1/2 = half and half = oral sex + full service 411 = seeking information 420 = 4:20 = marijuana 69 = two people giving each other oral sex at the same time How Sustainable Is Denver? NEXT   Contact: Sean Cronin Follow: Westword Westword News News Get the This Week's Top Stories Newsletter Every week we collect the latest news, music and arts stories — along with film and food reviews and the best things to do this week — so that you'll never miss Westword's biggest stories. GO Cancel Submit Comments In Case You Missed It Terrance Roberts Shot Down His Reputation and His Nonprofit — Can... Kyle Clark's I-Hate-Snowy-Patio-Photos Rant Ignored by 9News Mom Tries to Save Son From Death Penalty Even Though He Killed Her... Dear Stoner: Are Dispensaries Scanning IDs Now? Upcoming Events Crush Night Out Tickets Fri., Oct. 7, 6:00pm Sports Authority Field Parking: Denver Broncos Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Denver Broncos v Falcons HALF PRICE GAME Tickets Sun., Oct. 9, 2:05pm Colorado Rapids vs. San Jose Earthquakes Tickets Thu., Oct. 13, 7:00pm Popular Stories Who Wants to Smoke Weed With Tommy Chong in Denver? Why You Should Vote Yes for Amendment 69, the ColoradoCare... Denver Go Topless Day 2016 Captured in Videos (NSFW) Can the Denver Post Survive Its Hedge-Fund Owners? Sponsor Content ©2016 Denver Westword, LLC. All rights reserved. Newsletters All-access pass to the top stories, events and offers around town. Top Stories Send: Sign Up > Remind Me Later > No Thanks > Privacy Policy Newsletters All-access pass to top stories, events and offers around town. Sign Up > No Thanks! Remind Me Later >
MESSAGES LOG IN Log in via Log In Remember me Forgot password? Create an account EXPLORE Community DashboardRandom ArticleAbout UsCategoriesRecent Changes HELP US Write an ArticleRequest a New ArticleAnswer a RequestMore Ideas... EDIT Edit this Article Home » Categories » Relationships » Dating » Getting a Date Article Edit Discuss Edit Article How to Be an Escort's Favorite Client Community Q&A Learn the correct conduct when dealing with an escort. What and what not to do if you want to be a great client. Steps 1 Wherever you find your escort, research her. Does she have a website, does she have ads going back at least 6 months, does she have reviews (although some escorts do not like being reviewed)? Google her name and phone number or email before contacting her. Also expect her to want to screen your for her own safety; be respectful and provide whatever info she requires. 2 Be on time, or call if you will be more than 10 minutes late. Unless you are giving notice of a time change well in advance, expect to pay for the time you missed. If your 60 minute date was supposed to start at 7 and you get there at 7:15, STILL LEAVE AT 8. Please respect the escort's time and schedule, and don't linger. Even if the escort genuinely enjoyed the time with you, it is annoying and awkward if you overstay. If you want more time, ask and if she says yes, expect to pay for it at the rate previously discussed. 3 Know what's on menu in advance and do not deviate from it. Escorts use code words like, CIM, greek, GFE, PSE... google these before you call or email. 4 Never ever discuss sexual acts or money in person. For your own safety! If it is a sting, they will try to get you to say what you are there for out loud. When in doubt, kiss the girl or ask her to get more comfortable. If she complies, green light! 5 Money first always! If you must refer to it at any time, call it a gift. Do not hand the money directly to her, set it down where she can see it, or wherever you were told to beforehand, (often by the sink in the bathroom). 6 Be nice, treat her like a lady, and be respectful. She is a real person, you don't need to be intimidated and you certainly shouldn't feel superior either. 7 Don't feel like you need to blow her mind sexually. While noble, and very sweet, she is there for you. Do not hold back at the beginning because you want to last for her, this often ends in not being able to finish at all. Which nobody wants. You can take care of her after if you enjoy that, but no pressure here either. 8 Try to read her cues. She is a real women with real likes and dislikes. Not everyone wants to be talked dirty to, or smash-cuddled post coitus. Some might love it though! 9 She will not be offended if you need to leave right after. Whether you need to get back to work, or just aren't into idle chit-chat and cuddling, do your thing. She will enjoy the extra down-time. If you have a genuine rapport or chemistry, or if you are just enjoying the company and a break from real life, then stay the whole time! She will be happy either way. 10 Tip! Always tip. No one care if it's $20 or $200, tip your escort. Unless she was terrible. Tipping lets the woman know that you liked her and that you appreciate her time and effort. This is especially important if you want to see the escort again. If you went for a twofer, then tip extra well! 11 Ask her if she would like to be reviewed. If yes, keep it simple, and do not fabricate. If you say she did something that she didn't, other clients may expect that same service in the future. 12 Always be clean!!! Very very clean. If you just came from work or whatever, take a quick shower at the location. You don't want to be known as the 'Smegma-Guy'. 13 That's it! Real advice from real escorts. 14 Bring wine or a gift. Escorts love this and you will go right to the front of the line, hopefully. Wine can help to get you both relaxed and comfortable, and is a good social lubricant when you have to make all the magic happen in an hour or two. You can ask in advance what she likes, and don't forget the glasses! Gift certificates are always a safe bet if you want to bring a gift, stores like Amazon, Victoria's Secret, Bath and Body, etc. If you know the escort well, you may want to give her more personalized gifts like lingerie, jewelry, and perfume. ****Super extra bonus points if you buy her drinks/take her to dinner first, (WHILE she is being compensated for her time at her usual rate). If you really enjoy her company and can afford to do this, this is the best way to make her feel special. Remember she is on the clock though, and do not ever ask her to meet for free. That is a line neither of you should cross. Community Q&A Ask a Question Submit Already answered Not a question Bad question Other If this question (or a similar one) is answered twice in this section, please click here to let us know. Tips Remember that sexual desire is part of human nature and nothing to be ashamed of. If you are older/have no time for dating/want to be discreet/or are socially awkward, there is no shame in seeing a beautiful girl and having it be a sure thing! It's just practical. A good escort takes care of herself, practices safely, vets clients, checks references, and gets tested frequently. Escorts are not dirty, unethical, slutty, addicted to drugs any other stereotype that people associate with us. They, like any other social group, have a range of personalities, preferences and vices. Escorts are regular people and chances are very high that you know women, (or men!), that are in the sex industry in one form or another. They often keep their professions very private because they can be judged harshly. Respect her personal life. If you give her your number, she will most likely not call you, and it has nothing to do with whether or not she 'really' likes you. She keeps her two worlds separate at all times. Always use protection! If you are looking for something specific, it is out there. Domination, humiliation, every fetish you could imagine. It may not be every escorts cup of tea, but if you look hard enough you will probably find it. Always tip extra if you request a special outfit, roleplay, fetish work, toys, etc. If your escort goes above and beyond, so should you. The dream client would tip well, leave early, finish fast, bring a gift, be a regular guy, be polite and respectful. That is just the real truth. Keep in mind though that that is a client that doesn't really exist and no one expects you to be him. It's more about you anyway, and professional escorts love to feel like they did a great job and left the guy with a smile and a lasting memory! Many genuinely like most of their clients and enjoy the job wholeheartedly. Like any group of client service providers, escorts have favorites, mehs, people they don't care for, and people they will refuse to see ever again. Independent girls can be fun too! Make sure they have great reviews and that they vet clients properly before seeing them, (you may feel uncomfortable giving out identifying information, but it is in everyone's best interest!). Agency vs. Independent: Agencies are great if you want to try a variety of girls. Repeat clients are often given special treatment and more consideration. Once you trust an agency, it takes a lot of the guesswork and fear out of the equation. A good agent can give you recommendations based on who you have enjoyed in the past. When you first meet your escort please take some time to talk to them before moving onto more intimate activities. When you first meet maybe give your escort a hug and kiss and ask them to make themselves more comfortable. Warnings Don't fall in love with your escort. Always remember that even though the relationship is mutually pleasurable, and you enjoy each other's company, it is first and foremost a professional relationship. It is her job to make you feel good, and that can easily be confused with romantic love. Don't be that guy. It makes everyone feel bad. Do not expect an escort to just roll with your fetish. If you have something even slightly out of the ordinary in mind, ASK. Ask before the date if at all possible and if not, then ask upon meeting her. Be safe. If a girl will go bareback with you, you better believe she has done it with every guy before you. And never ever try to sneak it in. It's really disrespectful, and will often get you blacklisted. We know that condoms suck. We wish they didn't. They are a necessary evil though. If you can't finish with a condom on, there are other ways to finish It is not the end of the world and it happens all the time+. I do recommend that you try a female condom and see if that feels better to you. If it seems fishy, leave politely. Don't be paranoid though. Do your homework, be cautious and you will be fine. Do not say, "You should be paying ME for this! Har har." Everyone uses that joke. Good luck and happy birthday! Things You'll Need Money Common sense EditRelated wikiHows How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette How to Use Proper Business Email Etiquette How to Be Fired Gracefully How to Deal with a Work Colleague Who Has Stinky Lunches How to Practice Business Etiquette in Italy How to Practice Business Etiquette in Russia How to Delegate Tasks and Empower Your Team Article Info Categories: Business Etiquette | Getting a Date In other languages: Português: ser o Cliente Favorito de uma Acompanhante, Español: ser el cliente favorito de una dama de compañía, Italiano: Diventare il Cliente Preferito di una Escort, Русский: быть любимым клиентом эскорта, Deutsch: Der Lieblingskunde einer Begleitdame sein Discuss Print Email Edit Send fan mail to authors Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 244,069 times. Did this article help you? Yes No   Can you please put wikiHow on the whitelist for your ad blocker? wikiHow relies on ad money to give you our free how-to guides. Learn how. Cookies make wikiHow better. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our cookie policy. About this wikiHow 617 reviews Click a star to vote Click a star to vote Thanks for voting! Co-authors: 15 Updated: Views: 244,069 "Never paid for an escort before but I'm really thinking about it. Just trying to make sure I don't do something stupid and make her scared and not want to be with me. This really helped."..." more - Jalen P. 91% of people told us that this article helped them. Quick Tips Related Articles How to Answer the Phone Politely How to Respond to Rude Email at Work How to Defuse a Situation With a Difficult Customer How to Practice Office Etiquette Home About wikiHow Jobs Terms of Use RSS Site map Log In Mobile view All text shared under a Creative Commons License. Powered by Mediawiki. Become an Author! Write an Article 126
⌂Home Mail Search News Sports Finance Celebrity Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More⋁ Politics Movies Music TV Groups Style Beauty Tech Shopping Install the new Firefox » Yahoo Answers 👤 Sign in ✉ Mail ⚙ Help Account Info Help Suggestions Send Feedback Answers Home All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products International Argentina Australia Brazil Canada France Germany India Indonesia Italy Malaysia Mexico New Zealand Philippines Quebec Singapore Taiwan Hong Kong Spain Thailand UK & Ireland Vietnam Espanol About About Answers Community Guidelines Leaderboard Knowledge Partners Points & Levels Blog Safety Tips Society & Culture Community Service Next What does gfe incall mean? 1 following Report Abuse Are you sure you want to delete this answer? Yes No Sorry, something has gone wrong. Trending Now James Marsden Maria Sharapova JetBlue Airlines Nick Jonas Beth Behrs iPhone 7 Faith Hill Credit Cards Ashton Kutcher Fantasy Football Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer:  This refers to a female (call girl, prostitute, and so on) that offers a service where the man comes to her, in her appartment, her house, or her hotel room. There she will give you sexual services for a fee. Many women of this type provide massages or other sexual activity like you are a piece of meat ,and they are a robot. However, if she said GFE, she is claiming she will give you a "Girl Friend Experience". In other words, this female service provider, will pretend to be your girlfriend. Usually that means she will be very romantic and receptive to you and make an emotional connection with you, durring the session, with her. Instead of just providing cold, direct sexual services and sending you out the door, she will laugh, play , talk ,and do things a real girlfriend would do with you. "Outcall" oppose to "Incall" means that the female service provider will come to your home or hotel room for the session. Source(s): Countless Single ads in Los Angeles area adult magazines videogene · 1 decade ago 7 Thumbs up 1 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Asker's rating Report Abuse This Site Might Help You. RE: what does gfe incall mean? Source(s): gfe incall mean: https://tr.im/H7HaF ? · 1 year ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse Girlfriend experience--incall. Basically, you pay an escort to act as your girlfriend (that's GFE). Incall means you have to go to her place of residence--she won't come out to your place. Pagan Rebirth, S.O. · 1 decade ago 2 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse What Is Gfe Source(s): https://shrink.im/a8q2I fogleman · 13 hours ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse When you phone a callgirl or boy, and she/he is in the same building as you are in. BrendaWise · 1 decade ago 1 Thumbs up 4 Thumbs down Comment Add a comment Submit · just now Report Abuse Add your answer What does gfe incall mean? Add your answer Source Submit Cancel Report Abuse I think this question violates the Community Guidelines Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more I think this question violates the Terms of Service Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more Additional Details If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our Copyright/IP Policy Report Abuse Cancel Report Abuse I think this answer violates the Community Guidelines Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more I think this answer violates the Terms of Service Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more Additional Details If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our Copyright/IP Policy Report Abuse Cancel Report Abuse I think this comment violates the Community Guidelines Chat or rant, adult content, spam, insulting other members,show more I think this comment violates the Terms of Service Harm to minors, violence or threats, harassment or privacy invasion, impersonation or misrepresentation, fraud or phishing, show more Additional Details If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our Copyright/IP Policy Report Abuse Cancel Ask a question usually answered in minutes! Expand» Details Details Existing questions More Tell us some more Upload in Progress Upload failed. Please upload a file larger than 100x100 pixels We are experiencing some problems, please try again. You can only upload files of type PNG, JPG, or JPEG. You can only upload files of type 3GP, 3GPP, MP4, MOV, AVI, MPG, MPEG, or RM. You can only upload photos smaller than 5 MB. You can only upload videos smaller than 600MB. You can only upload a photo (png, jpg, jpeg) or a video (3gp, 3gpp, mp4, mov, avi, mpg, mpeg, rm). You can only upload a photo or a video. Video should be smaller than <b>600mb/5 minutes</b> Photo should be smaller than <b>5mb</b> Video should be smaller than <b>600mb/5 minutes</b> Photo should be smaller than <b>5mb</b> Related Questions Guys does starring mean you're interested? What does marriage mean to you? What does LMAO mean? More questions What does true love mean to you? What does a girl mean when she says SHUT UP? Answer Questions Is it better to have a 4.0 in high school and no community service or leadership or a 3.5 with a lot of leadership and community service? Are there any precautions that can be useful against an abduction? Boyfriend s parents forcing him into the Job Corps? Will doing volunteer/community service work make me happy? Trending What is greater than God, more evil than the devil, the poor have it, the rich need it, and if you eat it, you'll die? 9 answers Who thinks it's ok for a murcan southerner to fly a Confederate flag but not OK for a German to fly a nazi flag? 6 answers Atheists & Christians, are you Jezebel? 6 answers More questions Is your job stressful? 20 answers Could a return to colonialism be a solution to multiculturalism? 8 answers How does Hillary handle this very simple question from Trump? "Hey, Hillary, can you explain your Foundation's money and it's failure? 7 answers Terms Privacy AdChoices RSS
Home Introduction Index Subject Index (A and B) Subject Index (C and D) Subject Index (E and F) Subject Index (G and H) Subject Index (I and J) Subject Index (K and L) Subject Index (M and N) Subject Index (O and P) Subject Index (Q and R) Subject Index (S and T) Subject Index (U and V) Subject Index (W – Z) Resources Bibliography Filmography Musicography Questions Quotes La Libertine’s Salon Offsite Permanent Links Criticisms, Witticisms & Praise The Honest Courtesan Frank commentary from an unretired call girl Feeds: Posts Comments « The Biggest Whores All Shapes and Sizes » Terminology September 7, 2010 by Maggie McNeill “When I use a word,” Humpty Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone, “it means just what I choose it to mean — neither more nor less.” –  Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking Glass Like all subcultures, whores and our clients use specialized language to describe various aspects of our trade and the specialized activities we perform.  Most of these are just slang terms used to replace a long descriptive phrase (for example, “cowgirl” replaces the rather cumbersome “woman on top position”), but others were originally intended to allow discussion of suppressed activities when official busybodies might be eavesdropping (on phone or internet communications).  Of course, a secret shared is no secret at all, so once a term becomes common enough for a client to be relatively certain that it will mean something to an escort (or vice versa), they can also be sure the term is equally well-known to the cops.  Today I’d just like to give you a brief overview of a few of the more common terms used in and about our trade.  Many of these originated on the internet; some were first used among streetwalkers, while still others may be peculiar to New Orleans (which is the only place I ever worked). Around the World means oral stimulation of the man’s anus as well as his genitals; as one might expect, the percentage of working girls who will grant this particular request is fairly slim even in the lower echelons.  Even if one chooses to ignore the considerable hygeine issues, the chance of contracting hepatitis A or other diseases is in my considered opinion far too high to risk. BBBJ stands for “Bareback Blow Job”, in other words fellatio without a condom.  In the days immediately after the discovery of AIDS this was widely considered unsafe, and authorities encouraged people to use condoms even during oral sex.  Almost three decades of research, however, have failed to turn up even one single documented case of HIV transmission via oral sex, and the last figure I saw was 0.04% chance of infection due to blood seepage into an undetected mouth sore.  Since that’s roughly similar to the chance of being struck by lightning while walking in the rain, most call girls and escorts don’t worry about it much any more.  Hepatitis B is transmitted much as HIV is, though probably at a slightly higher chance.  Other venereal diseases (including venereal warts and herpes) can certainly be transmitted via oral sex, but since they have visible signs most of the risk can be avoided via careful visual inspection (as I’ve discussed before), copious salivation (which most men find visually stimulating anyhow) and disallowing ejaculation into one’s mouth.  The latter requires careful monitoring of the client’s progress; I always asked him to warn me but also assumed he would not because unfortunately a lot of men are complete assholes on this particular subject and will not give warning despite the increased risk to the girl. Cowgirl we’ve already discussed; the only reason I’m mentioning it here again is because many of my readers are probably unfamiliar with the terms for its variations, reverse cowgirl (woman on top, facing the man’s feet) and Asian cowgirl (as normal cowgirl but with one’s feet on the bed raising the whole body up and down rather than simply rocking back and forth). Deep Throat means taking a man’s penis all the way into one’s mouth.  With a little practice it isn’t difficult, and since it impresses the hell out of men it’s well worth learning.  The trick is to suppress the gag reflex; I suggest practicing on bananas.  Few men are long enough to actually go down one’s throat, and even those that are can be handled unless they are oddly-shaped (as I’ll discuss tomorrow). Donation is originally an internet term; it simply means “fee”, as in “how much is your donation?” Facial means ejaculation onto a woman’s face.  Men who like to do this really like it, but some girls won’t allow it.  Personally I was never bothered by it; it’s not difficult to keep one’s mouth and eyes shut, and since I was blessed with a clear complexion and lovely natural coloring I never needed to wear makeup in those days anyhow.  I could therefore simply have a warm, damp washcloth handy for initial cleanup and then wash my face completely afterward.  I can see how a girl who needs makeup would be averse to clients doing this, however, since it would necessitate a great deal more effort to restore her looks afterward than it did mine.  It also tends to get in one’s hair, but can be brushed out in the short term and thoroughly removed by shampoo later.  Amateurs who say “I would never let a man do that to me!” or “That’s so demeaning!” need to remember those statements when asking “Why does my husband hire whores when I give him plenty of sex?” Full service simply means intercourse, as opposed to just oral sex or masturbation (the latter being the specialty of Asian massage parlors). GFE means “Girl Friend Experience”; it’s a highly subjective term but generally means that the escort will cuddle, kiss, refrain from obvious clockwatching or otherwise make the experience seem much more natural and less mechanical.  A high percentage of call girls provide either “GFE” or its converse, the “PSE” (some men believe that the two are not mutually exclusive within a single call, but I beg to differ).  Of late, I have noticed a distressing tendency in internet venues to attempt to define a GFE by mechanistic criteria (such as whether the girl allows intrusive tongue kissing); IMHO this completely flies in the face of the very idea of a GFE, which is determined by how the girl makes the client feel rather than by a checklist. Greek means anal sex.  It isn’t commonly offered because one simply can’t trust a client to follow the instructions necessary to keep the experience from being painful, but there are always specialists who cater to customers who want it. Hobbyist is an internet term which means a client who sees escorts as a continuing hobby rather than as an occasional pleasure.  Hobbyists generally frequent internet boards dedicated to their hobby and share information with each other; some of them are excellent clients because they know what’s expected of them, never quibble about money, treat girls well and are scrupulous about keeping appointments.  Unfortunately, the rest of them enjoy the hobby itself more than the girls, and can be nasty and exploitative.  Sometimes the term is used in a broader sense to mean any client, but I think it’s more useful in the strict sense. John is a term used mostly by police, the media and others outside The Life for a customer, as in “John Doe” since they are anonymous.  The first recorded appearance of the term in print is from 1911, but it is unclear whether it originated among streetwalkers or started as an outsiders’ term from the beginning.  Since I have never associated with streetwalkers or worked anywhere but New Orleans I can’t speak for whether any working girls actually use the term, but what I can say is that I never heard one do so, not even once, not even as a joke.  I’ve heard “client”, “customer”, “date”, “patron” and even (once) “trick”, but never “john”.  I myself always preferred “gentleman”, not merely because it’s polite but also evokes Amanda Wingfield’s “gentleman callers” in my mind. MSOG means “Multiple Shots On Goal”, in other words the girl allows the man to have intercourse with her more than once if he can.  It’s an internet term, and I must admit I giggled when it was explained to me.  Many girls won’t allow it, which IMHO is rather stupid on their parts since this exists largely in the realm of male fantasy.  What I mean by that is, though a large percentage of men ask for it (by initials or otherwise), only a tiny percentage can actually accomplish it within the time allotted.  So there’s no harm in agreeing to this because most clients will be too spent after the first time even to attempt it again, and a gentle “but sweetie, if it took you 35 minutes the first time how do you expect to do it a second time in ten?” will take care of most of the rest.  And on those rare occasions where the client is both quick on the trigger and able to perform again, why not let him go twice?  It’s his hour, after all, and he paid good money for it. Pearl Necklace means ejaculation onto a woman’s tits.  This can turn into an unplanned facial if the man ejaculates energetically enough. Popped means the same as “busted”, i.e. arrested. Protection simply means condoms.  A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”). Provider is a neutral internet term for an escort, as in “provider of services”. I don’t much care for this one, as it always reminds me of “The Providers”, those disembodied brains who once abducted Captain Kirk. PSE stands for “Porn Star Experience”.  This is slightly less subjective than its converse “GFE”, and refers to a very energetic escort who is adept at visually impressive stunts like deep throat and accepting of facials and other such porn-movie staples. Russian is holding one’s tits together so a man can rub himself between them; obviously, it’s only possible with rather large tits. Trick is old slang for a session with a client (as in “turn a trick”) or sometimes even a client himself.  It first appeared in print around the same time as “John”, and is still used today among streetwalkers and lower-class escorts in some areas (including New Orleans).  Higher-class girls generally prefer “date” or “call”, and I’ve also heard “job” or “deal”; working girls with musical backgrounds sometimes use “gig”. Troublemakers is the term I preferred for the nasty, sadistic busybodies referred to by others as pigs, liars, busybodies, blue boys, heat, LE and a number of other things…in other words, cops, the single greatest threat to any hooker’s health, safety and livelihood. So, there’s a quick explanation of a very few terms; there are plenty of others, but these are most of the common ones which sprang immediately to mind (though I wouldn’t be surprised if I overlooked a really obvious term or two).  As I said above, these are the ones I know from the internet and New Orleans; to list every one from around the world would probably fill a slim dictionary. Share this: Share Email Facebook Print Twitter Reddit Google Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in Call types, Perception | Tagged anal sex, condoms, cops, disease, ethics, GFE, imaginative fiction, masturbation, oral sex, semen, streetwalkers, Terminology, tits | 20 Comments 20 Responses on September 7, 2010 at 12:38 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom I’ve heard that when teenagers first started describing their get-togethers as “dates” parents freaked out, because up to that time ONLY prostitutes called time spent with a man a “date.” One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. on September 7, 2010 at 1:11 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill One I’ve seen online several times is “punter,” which apparently means the same as “hobbyist,” for all that it sounds like something from the NFL. Yes, I know that one; I believe it’s of British origin. on September 7, 2010 at 3:21 pm | Reply ant what about half n half, snoball, and blacktoppingk? on September 7, 2010 at 4:03 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill “Half and half” (oral sex followed by intercourse) is only used by streetwalkers, massage parlor girls and other low-end whores who charge by the act rather than by the time period; I’ve never heard it used by an escort. “Snoball” or “snowball” (receiving a man’s ejaculate in one’s mouth, then kissing him and spitting it into his mouth) is a modern “urban” slang term which I suppose might be used about a really skanky, hostile, low-end whore with no concept of personal safety, but certainly isn’t used in the business except perhaps among gay escorts, with whom I’ve never had much contact. And I don’t know the term “blacktopping”, though I have a guess about it; if you choose to explain it, do try to be clinical! on September 7, 2010 at 4:08 pm | Reply ant Heard it on howard stern, so there’s no way i could describe it clinically😉 on September 7, 2010 at 4:35 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill Radio DJ terms are often not real slang; they’re things the DJ comes up with to get around censorship laws (though now that Stern is on Sirius he needn’t worry about that any longer). For example, my husband used to listen to Tom Leykis’ show on occasion and they habitually used the term “hummer” to mean “blow job”. If you wish you can send me the description in an email and I’ll try to rephrase it in as clinical a fashion as I can manage. on September 7, 2010 at 10:15 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Teabagging is something a woman can’t do to a man; dirty sanchez is too disgusting to contemplate; rusty trombone has some similarities to ’round the world; and I’m sure we all know what 69 means (but what about 96?). I’m sure that new terms will spring into being when space tourism gets going and people start joining the 100 Mile High Club. “Baby, do you do the X/Y dodec?” on September 7, 2010 at 11:15 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill With the exception of 69, though, I’ve never heard of a guy specifically requesting any of that stuff from a whore.😦 on September 8, 2010 at 8:36 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom Perhaps that’s just as well. On a totally different note, my cute friend has informed me that “Creole” describes her quite well. She’s Creole and then some. Really exotic and cutesy. It’s too bad she’s so asexual; she’d make a fortune. As you say: it isn’t for everybody. on September 8, 2010 at 8:44 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I’ve known quite a few Creoles, and they are often quite beautiful. Unfortunately, they have largely vanished as an ethic group since most now identify as black. Two of the recent mayors of New Orleans were Creole; both called themselves “white” on their Army enlistment papers but “black” when running for office in a majority-black city, and both married black women. To be sure mixed-race marriages are producing children who would’ve been called Creole in the old days, but they aren’t raised in that subculture. on December 27, 2010 at 5:28 am | Reply Asehpe I’m certainly in favor of making dictionaries, since it’s an important part of my day job. The etymology of these terms (usually metaphors or metonymies) is mostly obvious, but one of them stands out: the ‘Russian’. What gives? ‘Greek’ for anal sex is more or less obvious (via Ancient Greek’s surprisingly high level of acceptance of homosexuals, who suggest sodomy to a Westerner’s mind); but ‘Russian’? (I knew that practice from porn as ‘tit-fucking’; is Russian an euphemism? Does it imply Russian women have large breasts? My wife is Russian, and she doesn’t have large breasts…) on December 27, 2010 at 8:31 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I suspect it does derive from the stereotype of big-titted Russian women. I heard the term for the first time less than ten years ago; when I was in my teens the guy I knew used to refer to it as a “Dutch oven”. on January 1, 2011 at 1:10 am | Reply Jack Parsons The “Venture Brothers” cartoon includes this dialogue: “Prostitute: Okay big fella, you first. I charge you ten bucks for the Gilded Lily, twenty for the Roman Holiday, fifty for The Old Walrus ‘n’ Carpenter,and for seventy-five you can Sleigh Ride Down Kilimanjaro.” These terms were made up to mollify the network. Two previous batches of bogus terms were rejected. And something allegedly genuine: Oh, the French girls with their strings of pearls Think it’s such a burning shame That the local boys with their country joys Never make them daisy chains. They’re swapping disappointing incidents While at the dock another ship pulls in And suddenly the door breaks down (Hourah!) It’s the Seven Deadly Finns! Oh soldiers and sailors Have all been there before: Gigolos and governments Have tumbled through that door. Because they need those French girls With all their kiss-curls And powder in their guns And the Seven Finns with the deadly grins Tend to measure beauty in tons! The first is a freak with a masochistic streak And the second is a kitten up a tree The third is a flirt with an awful print skirt And the fourth is pretending to be me The fifth wears a mac and never turns his back And the sixth never shows his eyes But the Seventh Deadly Finn is so tall and slim, He shouldanever been with those guys. Although variety is the spice of life, A steady rhythm is the source Simplicity is the crucial thing Systemically of course (work it on out like Norbert Weiner) So when those French Girls say to you “Would you like your ashes raked?” You’ll have to take their word for it: It’s the only thing to take… (Yodelling chorus) —————————- http://music.hyperreal.org/artists/brian_eno/7deadly.html (Norbert Wiener was an MIT professor. Brian Eno is Bjork’s predecessor as the smartest and weirdest pop musician.) on January 1, 2011 at 8:26 am | Reply Maggie McNeill That sounds like a sea chanty; my husband has a CD collection of many such bawdy songs.🙂 on September 8, 2011 at 11:16 pm | Reply c andrew Hi Maggie, Speaking of Sea Chanties, here is a modern version. I looked for the original which was a capella, but this is the closest facsimile I could find. You’ll have to forgive the animation and concentrate on the audio. on September 8, 2011 at 11:21 pm | Reply c andrew Looks like I was, ahem, a bit premature in the last post. Here’s the a capella version. on September 9, 2011 at 12:41 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom That was an AAARRRRR-rated song! on September 9, 2011 at 7:11 pm | Reply c andrew I think you AAAARRRRRight there!😉 on September 7, 2011 at 2:01 pm | Reply Rapid ‘Protection simply means condoms. A lot of people have their own idiosyncratic terms; one girl I knew used to call them “party balloons” and Doug used to refer to them as “dancing slippers” (as in, “get out your dancing slippers, I’ve got a call for you”).’ I know a lady who refers to condoms as “condiments”. on November 5, 2011 at 2:43 am | Reply Ornithorhynchus I’ve been hearing jokes on TV about hookers offering ‘Around The World’ since the ’80s, but I never knew what it meant until now. Now if I can only find out what the ‘Lioness On The Cheese-grader’ is. Comments RSS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Ways to buy my book This Month September 2010 S M T W T F S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Old Posts Old Posts Select Month October 2016  (6) September 2016  (30) August 2016  (31) July 2016  (31) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (31) February 2016  (29) January 2016  (31) December 2015  (31) November 2015  (30) October 2015  (31) September 2015  (30) August 2015  (31) July 2015  (31) June 2015  (30) May 2015  (31) April 2015  (30) March 2015  (31) February 2015  (28) January 2015  (31) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (30) October 2014  (31) September 2014  (30) August 2014  (31) July 2014  (31) June 2014  (30) May 2014  (31) April 2014  (30) March 2014  (31) February 2014  (28) January 2014  (31) December 2013  (31) November 2013  (30) October 2013  (31) September 2013  (30) August 2013  (31) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (31) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (31) February 2013  (28) January 2013  (31) December 2012  (31) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (31) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (31) July 2012  (31) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (31) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (31) February 2012  (29) January 2012  (31) December 2011  (31) November 2011  (30) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (30) August 2011  (31) July 2011  (31) June 2011  (30) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (31) February 2011  (28) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (30) October 2010  (31) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (31) July 2010  (22) Call me Enter your email address to follow "The Honest Courtesan"; you'll be notified by email whenever Maggie posts something new. Become a Blog Patron If you want to donate but don't want a recurring charge, you can send any amount you like via PayPal to my email address (see below). Be sure to include a note so I can thank you! Contact Maggie If you'd like to ask me a question, click here. If you made a comment and it doesn't appear within a few hours, click on this one. If you'd like to alert me to an interesting item, use this one. And if you have a request, bouquet or brickbat or just want to introduce yourself, this is the one for you. A Few References Ad Scortum Advice for Clients Frequently Told Lies Guided Tour Handy Figures House Rules King of the Hill Maggie's Amazon Wishlist Safety in Numbers Where's My Comment? Friends of Whores Amazing Women Rock An Anthology of English Pros Cliterati Econjeff Feminist Ire Judgy Bitch Literate Perversions Marijke Vonk Narco Polo Nobody's Business Paper Bird Popehat Radley Balko RTFTLC Sarah Woolley Sex and the State Simple Justice Stanley Siegel Talk Geek to Me The Naked Anthropologist Windy Pundit Organizations & Allies Desiree Alliance ESPLERP FIRST International Prostitutes Collective International Sex Worker Foundation for Art, Culture and Education International Union of Sex Workers Naughty New Orleans Network North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition Prostitutes' Education Network Sex Work Activists, Allies and You Sex Worker Open University Sex Workers Outreach Project Sex Workers Without Borders St. James Infirmary SWOP-NOLA Touching Base Women With a Vision Resources Decriminalization Success in New Zealand Dr. Brooke Magnanti on "How To Blog Anonymously" Legal Status of Prostitution by Country Logical Fallacies Loose Women or Lost Women? Sex Trafficking: The Abolitionist Fallacy Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work The Mythology of Prostitution The Philosophy of Liberty Third Wave Foundation's Pro-Sex Work Statement World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights Whorish Media After Hours Bound, Not Gagged Brooke Magnanti was a Sex Worker! Castrating Bitch Girl Furry Girl's Feminisn't Harlot's Parlour Hooker Radio Kelly James vs. the TSA La Libertine's Salon Open Source Sex Post-Whore America Sina More Stuff Sex Workers Eat The Honest Catesan The Sex Myth The Time Waster Tits and Sass Vixen for Hire Maggie on TwitterMy Tweets Boring but necessary legal stuff All original content on this website (i.e. all of my columns, pages and anything else which I write myself) is protected under international copyright law as of the time it is posted; though you may link to it as you please or quote passages (as long as you attribute the quote to me), please do not reproduce whole columns without my express written permission. In other words, you have to say "pretty please with sugar on top" first, and then wait for me to say "okey-dokey". Blog at WordPress.com. WPThemes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home Introduction Index Subject Index (A and B) Subject Index (C and D) Subject Index (E and F) Subject Index (G and H) Subject Index (I and J) Subject Index (K and L) Subject Index (M and N) Subject Index (O and P) Subject Index (Q and R) Subject Index (S and T) Subject Index (U and V) Subject Index (W – Z) Resources Bibliography Filmography Musicography Questions Quotes La Libertine’s Salon Offsite Permanent Links Criticisms, Witticisms & Praise The Honest Courtesan Frank commentary from an unretired call girl Feeds: Posts Comments « To Spite Their Faces They Speak for Themselves » More Terminology September 7, 2011 by Maggie McNeill We cannot even reproduce our thoughts entirely in words.  –  Friedrich Nietzsche My column of one year ago today, “Terminology”, was a glossary of terms used by whores and clients; many of them come from the escort review sites which have become very popular on the internet in the past decade.  Today I’d like to look at a few more such terms, including some that I’ve only learned since my first column on the subject; many of these are acronyms used by internet “hobbyists” in reviews, so I simply never encountered them until I started reading more about review sites and corresponding with internet independents. BCD:  Behind Closed Doors.  This refers to the portion of a date which is spent in the bedroom, i.e. the sexual portion of a session.  It is thus used as a collective reference to sex acts (“BCD activities”) or by girls referring to special “meet over coffee” type deals (“no BCD time”). BFE:  Boy Friend Experience.  It is obviously built on the pattern of “Girl Friend Experience”, which I defined in my previous column; a client might be described as a “BFE” if he’s very nice and easy to deal with, avoids being pushy or demanding, doesn’t haggle and tries to make the date pleasant for the escort by booking multiple hours, taking her to dinner and/or giving her a gift, carrying on an interesting conversation, etc. CIM:  Cum In Mouth.  The use of “cum” to mean “semen” is an American vulgarism dating to the 1920s, and the extension of the vulgar spelling to the verb “come” (which has been colloquially used to mean “have an orgasm” since at least the late Middle Ages, just as the equivalent verb is used in other European languages) is more recent still, dating to perhaps the 1960s.  I don’t think I need to tell any female reader how much ejaculating into a woman’s mouth excites most men, but in the post-HIV world very few whores would allow this.  Unfortunately, as I discussed in my column of February 28th, …in the last decade as escort review sites became steadily more common, many escorts wanted something which would set them apart from the competition.  But the trend really took off just over two years ago when the economy went belly-up; a lot of part-timers lost their regular jobs and therefore needed to bring in more money from hooking, and a lot of amateurs who had never before directly asked for cash flooded into Craigslist and Backpage.  The amateurs had no sense of appropriate professional conduct and the part-timers were desperate to make up the difference from their lost jobs, and so they started to offer things which, while not extremely dangerous like unprotected intercourse, were nonetheless more personal and “edgy” than what had been the norm even as recently as 2007.  And once that happened even many full-time professional escorts were forced to change their policies in order to remain competitive. Though most escorts who allow this still spit or dribble afterward, there are some who offer “BBBJTCNQNS”, which means “bare back blow job to completion, no quittin’, no spittin’”, which I personally consider most unwise. DFK:  Deep French Kissing.  Yes, we didn’t used to allow kissing, either; see the entry for CIM above. DNS:  Do Not See.  Most often used in the formulation “DNS List”, a personal list of men an escort refuses to see because of personal experience, warnings from other girls or statements the listee has made on review boards:  “Any man with an attitude like that goes straight onto my DNS list.” FBSM:  Full-Body Sensual Massage, a combination of therapeutic massage with sensual touching.  See also levels of massage. FIV:  Fingers In Vagina, an activity which I’m far from alone in disliking intensely, though some girls do allow it. LEO:  Law Enforcement Officer, i.e. a vice pig.  Sometimes “Uncle Leo”. Levels (of massage):  A Level 1 (L1) massage is massage with a “happy ending” (i.e. hand job).  Level 2 (L2) massage includes a blow job, and Level 3 (L3) is full service. Lurker:  A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them.  Most of these are the good sort of hobbyists, unlike the bad ones who use their experience and that of others to learn how to cheat, manipulate and intimidate inexperienced escorts. Manmades:  Augmented tits, often abbreviated MMs:  “Maggie has a spectacular set of manmades”. NBA:  No Blacks Allowed.  Escorts with NBA policies will not see black clients for reasons I already discussed at length in my column for September 18th of last year. NCNS:  No Call, No Show.  A client who neither showed for his appointment nor called to cancel; a deadbeat. Nuru massage:  This is not “massage” in the normal sense, but rather consists of the masseuse erotically sliding her naked body up and down against that of her client with the assistance of nuru gel, an odorless, tasteless, colorless and extremely slippery gel made from nori seaweed.  The gel does not dry up and so must be washed off with soap and water; nuru massage thus always ends with a bath or shower.  Nuru massage originated in Japanese bathhouses, or “soaplands”. Outing:  Publicizing the real name of a client or escort, usually to that person’s family; it is considered one of the most reprehensible actions of which someone is capable and will usually result in the total ostracism of the offender. Roses:  A rather silly slang term for “dollars” used in the advertising of inexperienced low-end escorts:  “I expect a donation of 150 roses”. Spinner:  A very thin, petite escort, so called because of the joke that a man can “pick her up and spin her around” while she’s doing cowgirl. Time waster:  A man who has no real intention of paying for an appointment.  Some of them are lonely and just looking for conversation, and others might like to see a girl but are too nervous or frightened to follow through, but most are just cheapskates trying to get free wanking material. TOFTT:  Take One For The Team.  This refers to a hobbyist taking the risk of seeing an unreviewed girl in order to report back to his friends about her. YMMV:  Your Mileage May Vary.  This phrase, borrowed from American automobile advertising, refers to an escort whose performance varies considerably from client to client depending on how she reacts to each individual. Share this: Share Email Facebook Print Twitter Reddit Google Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in Call types, Miscellaneous, Perception | Tagged Backpage, bad customers, brothels, condoms, cops, Craigslist, East Asia, escort review sites, GFE, Japan, massage, semen, sisterhood, Terminology, tits | 34 Comments 34 Responses on September 7, 2011 at 1:16 pm | Reply Marla LEO: Law Enforcement Officer, i.e. a vice pig. Sometimes “Uncle Leo”. Uncle Leo – this reminds me of Seinfeld’s Uncle Leo. I wonder if the term is a reference to that character? Lurker: A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them. These are the good sort of hobbyists… Why are Lurkers more likely to be the good sort of hobbyist than the ones who post on escort boards? on September 7, 2011 at 3:51 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill Independent escorts who post frequently on escort boards could probably explain it better, but the basic issue is that many (though by no means all) of the guys who post frequently on escort boards are prone to looking for “deals”, haggling, sharing ways to scam escorts with each other, trying to bully inexperienced girls into giving them freebies or cut rates in exchange for good reviews, threatening them with bad reviews, or generally playing pimp. Lurkers are the guys who are busy with real life and/or turned off by the locker-room behavior of many of the more board-active hobbyists, and thus only use the boards for information. on September 7, 2011 at 5:55 pm | Reply krulac “Lurker” here … and I agree with you 100 percent. I don’t even think that the escort reviews can be relied upon in most cases. I tend to think that a guy who’s an asshole on the internet is going to be an asshole with a girl – and so that may negatively impact his experience with that girl. I’ve noticed, a few “hobbyists” that are very pleasant natured and very civil to others on those escort forums tend to have a high number of glowing reviews and speak very favorably of girls personally. On those occasions where they have bad experiences – they tend to blow it off by saying the girl is probably very good under most circumstances, but their experience wasn’t thrilling this one time. Even in a bad experience – they’ll find a way to compliment the girl on her looks, or her personality – or some other positive trait she possessed. NBA’s – many escorts in Europe have that policy too – some go farther with an exclusion against Arabs also. on September 7, 2011 at 6:57 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Kama of Kingston had a “No Republicans” policy. If you voted for Bush, she didn’t want you. Had to do with foreign policy, India in particular. I have no idea how she feels about Obama, I don’t know much about him and India, and because her website is gone. She may have another, idk. on September 7, 2011 at 7:00 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill If she was adamant about that, I’m not at all surprised she’s out of business. on September 8, 2011 at 12:18 am | Reply Sailor Barsoom I have to wonder how you enforce such a thing. You don’t get tattooed with R, D, I, or whatever when you vote. Which means she wasn’t having sex with honest Republicans. Ones who lie could still get some. She was also picky about shaving. I was able to find an interview with her, but I think it’s from a few years back. on September 8, 2011 at 9:26 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Exactly. And it would be a ridiculous basis on which to exclude customers even if one could tell; if I had avoided every client whom I thought to be stupid, misguided or guilty of poor judgment I would’ve been a destitute prostitute. on September 7, 2011 at 11:23 pm | Reply Beste Sure some punters do exactly as you describe. But the bullshit/scams goes the other way as well. eg fake positive reviews, false advertising etc on September 8, 2011 at 12:11 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Oh, dear, I would have hoped you had noticed by now that I’m always fair; my column on bad girls was over a year ago now, last August 24th. on September 7, 2011 at 1:51 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom Uncle Leo is that bad uncle you don’t want your parents to let babysit you. Unless he works in the space program, of course. Uncle Low Earth Orbit is a good guy. on September 8, 2011 at 9:27 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Maybe, but he’s such a drag. on September 8, 2011 at 12:31 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom {groan}😉 on September 7, 2011 at 5:40 pm | Reply c99 In canada we have a few more that are used in ads. MSOG = multiple shots on goal. Which means you can go as many times as you can in the time period. Very standard here for 1 hr appointments not 30 mins or 15 mins which some offer incall. LFK is light french kissing. on September 7, 2011 at 5:46 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill MSOG and a number of other terms were covered in the previous column. And I’m not saying CIM is “new”, what I’m saying is that most high-end escorts in the United States used to avoid it in the ’80s and ’90s but have recently begun to offer it again. on September 7, 2011 at 6:22 pm | Reply krulac But, in reality – is “CIM” any more dangerous than “BBBJ”? Men always dribble a bit before they shoot. on September 7, 2011 at 6:59 pm | Reply Maggie McNeill It all depends on what the girl’s doing while performing. Speaking only for myself, I absolutely never let anything go any farther than my mouth. on September 8, 2011 at 11:42 pm | Reply JJ Lol is your husband fine with that? on September 9, 2011 at 12:05 am | Reply Maggie McNeill That was past tense, love, and I was speaking of professional interactions rather than personal ones. You may rest assured that my husband has no complaints.😉 on September 9, 2011 at 5:24 am | Reply JJ Lol your husband is a lucky man. Wish I got a chance to see. U b4 u retired😦 on September 9, 2011 at 8:39 am | Reply Maggie McNeill Thank you, JJ!🙂 on September 7, 2011 at 5:42 pm | Reply c99 I dont think CIM is new. In NYC it was very standard for years. on September 8, 2011 at 12:24 am | Reply n/a How many confirmed cases of HIV derive from heterosexual unprotected oral sex? For either party to the act. on September 8, 2011 at 9:29 am | Reply Maggie McNeill None. But there are serious diseases other than HIV. on September 8, 2011 at 12:37 am | Reply Ornithorhynchus So what percentage of hookers do kissing nowadays (if you even know)? I can still remember the first time I heard (from Phil Donohue) that most hookers refused to kiss. I was utterly shocked, and to this day I still find it hard to believe that one could get many customers with such a policy. I would think that kissing would be one of the most important parts of the experience. Maybe I’m a little weird, though. on September 8, 2011 at 9:36 am | Reply Maggie McNeill All that advertise as GFE, which is certainly over half. And you’re totally wrong about the avoidance of kissing being a big problem; there’s a vast difference between announcing “I don’t kiss” and simply avoiding it. I kissed only clients I really liked, and even then I’m not really much of a kisser, yet I was the most popular escort in New Orleans for years. A friend of mine who is an internet independent tells me she largely avoids kissing, yet has plenty of regulars and “DFK” appears in all her reviews. on September 8, 2011 at 8:18 am | Reply bdevereaux On posters versus lurkers: Some posters tend to be chest beating, cock swinging, narcissists wanting to show off to the other guys. What many don’t realize is we read the posts and will “DNS” a guy based off of what they say on the boards (for the reason stated above by krulac). To add a few more terms if I may: TGTBT – Too good to be true. If you see an ad (usually on sites like backpage) of some hot looking young thing that could be a supermodel in Brazil, it’s usually TGTBT and it’s either a sting or a bait and switch. GPS – Golden Pussy Syndrome. Usually complained about by guys who really want to see her but consider her overpriced for their budget. Therefore they accuse her of GPS, saying that she has priced herself too expensive. SDS – (this is a term I made up) Special Dick Syndrome. A guy that thinks he is so great he deserves a discount or that any rules you may have don’t apply to him. on September 8, 2011 at 9:40 am | Reply Maggie McNeill LOL, in New Orleans our term for what you call “GPS” was “platinum pussy syndrome”; I mentioned it in my column of last August 24th. As for the last one there, I used to take pleasure in popping the balloons of (usually young) pompous guys who said stupid things like “I’m young and good-looking, do I get a discount?” by responding with something like, “Oh, you’re young? We charge more for guys under 30 because they’re much more difficult to deal with.” We didn’t really, but I enjoyed hearing them backpedal. on September 10, 2011 at 8:00 am | Reply FlectiNonFrangi Lurker: A “hobbyist” who reads escort boards, but does not generally post on them. These are the good sort of hobbyists… The forums are my Facebook. I don’t want to see pictures of or hear stories of peoples grandchildren. We have a lot of good natured kidding on ECCIE. To think that I am thought of in a negative light because I enjoy posting is really not fair. on September 10, 2011 at 8:48 am | Reply Maggie McNeill I certainly didn’t mean to imply that all the clients who post are bad ones; in fact you might look at my original definition of “hobbyist” from one year ago today, which points out that many hobbyists are among the best of clients! I merely meant that a certain group of those who post frequently are dedicated to bad behavior, and that the lurkers are usually outside of that. It is true, however, that I’ve heard many escorts make blanket negative statements about hobbyists, so perhaps those like yourself who are concerned about being included in that should make an effort to rein in those who engage in the odious behaviors. on August 2, 2013 at 4:00 pm | Reply MadisonElegant i wonder why kissing is so important to men… hell they can’t even do it right… i do not mind but some guys kiss like it is their first time in the back seat of the car,,, way too aggressive can’t control their tongue and then half of them want to stick it in your throat… get a grip on August 2, 2013 at 11:57 pm | Reply Sailor Barsoom A lot of women complain, outside of their hearing, that the men in their lives are bad at this, that, or the other thing. Inside of his hearing they tell their men that they are sexual supermen. So why do you THINK men don’t improve their technique? If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it, and we’ve all been told by the one person who should know that it ain’t broke. on February 3, 2015 at 10:40 pm | Reply NightMoves I took up the new hobby about 6 months ago. I am in my 60’s and my wife closed up shop about ten years ago. Prior to that, I was monogamous. Three ladies into my experience, I am delighted and feel so much better about myself. I always make sure I am welcomed back, through a respectful demeanor and gifts. I am lucky to have met them! Also, your deciphering the various acronyms is VERY helpful! on August 28, 2015 at 8:13 pm | Reply dave ROSES, this used to mean $50, because a $50 bill is red. This was standard pre-internet language in classified ads in papers, you could not mention money in any way, so rates were always quoted as a number of roses. This recent use resurgence of roses to mean dollars is very silly. on March 11, 2016 at 6:05 pm | Reply Sarg@Arms Only in Canada, Dave! Only in Canada! Comments RSS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Ways to buy my book This Month September 2011 S M T W T F S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Old Posts Old Posts Select Month October 2016  (6) September 2016  (30) August 2016  (31) July 2016  (31) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (31) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (31) February 2016  (29) January 2016  (31) December 2015  (31) November 2015  (30) October 2015  (31) September 2015  (30) August 2015  (31) July 2015  (31) June 2015  (30) May 2015  (31) April 2015  (30) March 2015  (31) February 2015  (28) January 2015  (31) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (30) October 2014  (31) September 2014  (30) August 2014  (31) July 2014  (31) June 2014  (30) May 2014  (31) April 2014  (30) March 2014  (31) February 2014  (28) January 2014  (31) December 2013  (31) November 2013  (30) October 2013  (31) September 2013  (30) August 2013  (31) July 2013  (31) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (31) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (31) February 2013  (28) January 2013  (31) December 2012  (31) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (31) September 2012  (30) August 2012  (31) July 2012  (31) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (31) April 2012  (30) March 2012  (31) February 2012  (29) January 2012  (31) December 2011  (31) November 2011  (30) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (30) August 2011  (31) July 2011  (31) June 2011  (30) May 2011  (31) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (31) February 2011  (28) January 2011  (31) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (30) October 2010  (31) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (31) July 2010  (22) Call me Enter your email address to follow "The Honest Courtesan"; you'll be notified by email whenever Maggie posts something new. Become a Blog Patron If you want to donate but don't want a recurring charge, you can send any amount you like via PayPal to my email address (see below). Be sure to include a note so I can thank you! Contact Maggie If you'd like to ask me a question, click here. If you made a comment and it doesn't appear within a few hours, click on this one. If you'd like to alert me to an interesting item, use this one. And if you have a request, bouquet or brickbat or just want to introduce yourself, this is the one for you. A Few References Ad Scortum Advice for Clients Frequently Told Lies Guided Tour Handy Figures House Rules King of the Hill Maggie's Amazon Wishlist Safety in Numbers Where's My Comment? Friends of Whores Amazing Women Rock An Anthology of English Pros Cliterati Econjeff Feminist Ire Judgy Bitch Literate Perversions Marijke Vonk Narco Polo Nobody's Business Paper Bird Popehat Radley Balko RTFTLC Sarah Woolley Sex and the State Simple Justice Stanley Siegel Talk Geek to Me The Naked Anthropologist Windy Pundit Organizations & Allies Desiree Alliance ESPLERP FIRST International Prostitutes Collective International Sex Worker Foundation for Art, Culture and Education International Union of Sex Workers Naughty New Orleans Network North Carolina Harm Reduction Coalition Prostitutes' Education Network Sex Work Activists, Allies and You Sex Worker Open University Sex Workers Outreach Project Sex Workers Without Borders St. James Infirmary SWOP-NOLA Touching Base Women With a Vision Resources Decriminalization Success in New Zealand Dr. Brooke Magnanti on "How To Blog Anonymously" Legal Status of Prostitution by Country Logical Fallacies Loose Women or Lost Women? Sex Trafficking: The Abolitionist Fallacy Ten Reasons to Decriminalize Sex Work The Mythology of Prostitution The Philosophy of Liberty Third Wave Foundation's Pro-Sex Work Statement World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights Whorish Media After Hours Bound, Not Gagged Brooke Magnanti was a Sex Worker! Castrating Bitch Girl Furry Girl's Feminisn't Harlot's Parlour Hooker Radio Kelly James vs. the TSA La Libertine's Salon Open Source Sex Post-Whore America Sina More Stuff Sex Workers Eat The Honest Catesan The Sex Myth The Time Waster Tits and Sass Vixen for Hire Maggie on TwitterMy Tweets Boring but necessary legal stuff All original content on this website (i.e. all of my columns, pages and anything else which I write myself) is protected under international copyright law as of the time it is posted; though you may link to it as you please or quote passages (as long as you attribute the quote to me), please do not reproduce whole columns without my express written permission. In other words, you have to say "pretty please with sugar on top" first, and then wait for me to say "okey-dokey". Blog at WordPress.com. WPThemes. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
jump to content my subreddits announcementsArtAskRedditaskscienceawwblogbookscreepydataisbeautifulDIYDocumentariesEarthPornexplainlikeimfivefoodfunnyFuturologygadgetsgamingGetMotivatedgifshistoryIAmAInternetIsBeautifulJokesLifeProTipslistentothismildlyinterestingmoviesMusicnewsnosleepnottheonionOldSchoolCoolpersonalfinancephilosophyphotoshopbattlespicsscienceShowerthoughtsspacesportstelevisiontifutodayilearnedTwoXChromosomesUpliftingNewsvideosworldnewsWritingPromptsedit subscriptions front -all -random |  AskReddit -funny -pics -videos -worldnews -todayilearned -gifs -news -gaming -aww -Showerthoughts -movies -mildlyinteresting -Jokes -television -nottheonion -tifu -science -photoshopbattles -food -space -explainlikeimfive -Music -LifeProTips -TwoXChromosomes -IAmA -Futurology -UpliftingNews -creepy -OldSchoolCool -EarthPorn -Art -sports -WritingPrompts -books -DIY -personalfinance -nosleep -GetMotivated -dataisbeautiful -askscience -gadgets -Documentaries -history -philosophy -listentothis -InternetIsBeautiful -announcements -blogmore » reddit.com over 18? Want to join? Log in or sign up in seconds.| English You must be 18+ to view this community You must be at least eighteen years old to view this content. Are you over eighteen and willing to see adult content? no thank youcontinue about blog about source code advertise jobs help site rules FAQ wiki reddiquette transparency contact us apps & tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website buttons <3 reddit gold redditgifts Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (updated). © 2016 reddit inc. All rights reserved. REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc. π Rendered by PID 5639 on app-128 at 2016-10-07 09:20:51.158132+00:00 running 9927328 country code: US.
